[1]Sam Ganzfried,Tuomas Sandholm.Potential-Aware Imperfect-Recall Abstraction with Earth Mover's Distance in Imperfect-Information Games[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:10-18.
机构:Computer Science Department Carnegie Mellon University;Computer Science Department Carnegie Mellon University
摘要:There is often a large disparity between the size of a game we wish to solve and the size of the largest instances solvable by the best algorithms; for example, a popular variant of poker has about 10~(165) nodes in its game tree, while the currently best approximate equilibrium-finding algorithms scale to games with around 10~(12) nodes. In order to approximate equilibrium strategies in these games, the leading approach is to create a sufficiently small strategic approximation of the full game, called an abstraction, and to solve that smaller game instead. The leading abstraction algorithm for imperfect-information games generates abstractions that have imperfect recall and are distribution aware, using k-means with the earth mover's distance metric to cluster similar states together. A distribution-aware abstraction groups states together at a given round if their full distributions over future strength are similar (as opposed to, for example, just the expectation of their strength). The leading algorithm considers distributions over future strength at the final round of the game. However, one might benefit by considering the trajectory of distributions over strength in all future rounds, not just the final round. An abstraction algorithm that takes all future rounds into account is called potential aware. We present the first algorithm for computing potential-aware imperfect-recall abstractions using earth mover's distance. Experiments on no-limit Texas Hold'em show that our algorithm improves performance over the previously best approach.

[2]Noam Brown,Tuomas Sandholm.Regret Transfer and Parameter Optimization[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:2-9.
机构:Robotics Institute, Carnegie Mellon University;Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University
摘要:Regret matching is a widely-used algorithm for learning how to act. We begin by proving that regrets on actions in one setting (game) can be transferred to warm start the regrets for solving a different setting with same structure but different payoffs that can be written as a function of parameters. We prove how this can be done by carefully discounting the prior regrets. This provides, to our knowledge, the first principled warm-starting method for no-regret learning. It also extends to warm-starting the widely-adopted counterfactual regret minimization (CFR) algorithm for large incomplete-information games; we show this experimentally as well. We then study optimizing a parameter vector for a player in a two-player zero-sum game (e.g., optimizing bet sizes to use in poker). We propose a custom gradient descent algorithm that provably finds a locally optimal parameter vector while leveraging our warm-start theory to significantly save regret-matching iterations at each step. It optimizes the parameter vector while simultaneously finding an equilibrium. We present experiments in no-limit Leduc Hold'em and no-limit Texas Hold'em to optimize bet sizing. This amounts to the first action abstraction algorithm (algorithm for selecting a small number of discrete actions to use from a continuum of actions—a key preprocessing step for solving large games using current equilibrium-finding algorithms) with convergence guarantees for extensive-form games.

[3]Francois Pays.An Interior Point Approach to Large Games of Incomplete Information[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:42-49.
摘要:Since their discovery 30 years ago, interior point methods deliver the most competitive algorithms for large scale optimization. Surprisingly, even when games of incomplete information can be formulated as a linear program, interior point methods have been discarded in favor of usually less attractive methods. This paper describes how specialized interior point methods can also scale to large games.

[4]Jiajia Zhang,Xuan Wang,Lin Yao et al.Using Kullback-Leibler Divergence to Model Opponents in Poker[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:50-57.
机构:Intelligence Computing Research Center, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen Applied Technology Engineering Laboratory for Internet Multimedia Application;Intelligence Computing Research Center, Harbin Institute of Technology, Public Service Platform of Mobile Internet Application Security Industry;School of Electronics Engineering and Computer Science, Peking University;Intelligence Computing Research Center, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen Applied Technology Engineering Laboratory for Internet Multimedia Application;Intelligence Computing Research Center, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen Applied Technology Engineering Laboratory for Internet Multimedia Application
摘要:Opponent modeling is an essential approach for building competitive computer agents in imperfect information games. This paper presents a novel approach to develop opponent modeling techniques. The approach applies neural networks which are separately trained on different dataset to build K-model clustering opponent models. Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence is used to exploit a safety mode on opponent modeling. Given a parameter d that controls the max divergence between a model's centre point and the units belong to it, the approach is proved to provide a lower bound of expected payoff which is above the minimax payoff for correctly clustered players. Even for the players that are incorrectly clustered, the lower bound can also be unlimited approximated with sufficient history data. In our experiments, agent with the novel model shows an improved classification efficiency of opponent modeling comparing with relative researches. And also, the new agent performs better when playing against poker agent HITSZ_CS_13 which participate Annual Computer Poker Competition of 2013.

[5]Marc Lanctot,Viliam Lisy,Michael Bowling et al.Search in Imperfect Information Games Using Online Monte Carlo Counterfactual Regret Minimization[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:34-41.
机构:Department of Knowledge Engineering, Maastricht University;Department of Computer Science, FEE, Czech Technical University in Prague;Department of Computing Science, University of Alberta
摘要:Online search in games has always been a core interest of artificial intelligence. Advances made in search for perfect information games (such as Chess, Checkers, Go, and Backgammon) have led to AI capable of defeating the world's top human experts. Search in imperfect information games (such as Poker, Bridge, and Skat) is significantly more challenging due to the complexities introduced by hidden information. In this paper, we present Online Outcome Sampling (OOS), the first imperfect information search algorithm that is guaranteed to converge to an equilibrium strategy in two-player zero-sum games. We show that OOS avoids common problems encountered by existing search algorithms and we experimentally evaluate its convergence rate and practical performance against benchmark strategies in Liar's Dice and a variant of Goofspiel. We show that unlike with Information Set Monte Carlo Tree Search (ISMCTS) the exploitability of the strategies produced by OOS decreases as the amount of search time increases. In practice, OOS performs as well as ISMCTS in head-to-head play while producing strategies with lower exploitability given the same search time.

[6]Eric Jackson.A Time and Space Efficient Algorithm for Approximately Solving Large Imperfect Information Games[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:26-33.
摘要:This paper proposes a novel approach for computing an approximate equilibrium in a game of imperfect information. Our approach involves decomposition; that is, breaking the problem down into subproblems that can be solved independently. We compare our approach to other decomposition approaches, and illustrate that our approach is guaranteed to find an equilibrium when applied to the recovery problem.

[7]Jakob Grundstrom,Pierre Nugues.Using Syntactic Features in Answer Reranking[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:13-19.
机构:Department of Computer Science Lund University;Department of Computer Science Lund University
摘要:This paper describes a baseline question answering system for Swedish. The system includes modules to carry out the question analysis, hypothesis generation, and reranking of answers. It was trained and evaluated on questions from a data set inspired by the Swedish television quiz show Kvitt eller Dubbelt. We used the Swedish Wikipedia as knowledge source and we show that paragraph retrieval from this corpus gives an acceptable coverage of answers when targeting Kvitt eller Dubbelt questions, especially single-word answer questions. Given a question, the hypothesis generation module retrieves a list of paragraphs, ranks them using a vector space model score, and extract a set of candidates. The question analysis part performs a lexical answer type prediction. To compute a baseline ranking, we sorted answer candidates according to their frequencies in the most relevant paragraphs. The reranker module makes use of information from the previous stages to estimate the correctness of the generated answer candidates as well a grammatical information from a dependency parser. The correctness estimate is then used to re-weight the baseline ranking. A 5-fold cross-validation showed that the median ranking of the correct candidate went from rank 21 in the baseline version to 10 using the reranker.

[8]Jonathan Dunn,Jon Beltran de Heredia,Maura Burke et al.Language-Independent Ensemble Approaches to Metaphor Identification[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:6-12.
机构:Illinois Institute of Technology;Behavioral Media Networks;Illinois Institute of Technology;Central Michigan University;Brain Sciences Foundation;Bar Ilan University;Behavioral Media Networks;Georgetown University;Georgetown University;Massachusetts Institute of Technology
摘要:True natural language understanding requires the ability to identify and understand metaphorical utterances, which are ubiquitous in human communication of all kinds. At present, however, even the problem of identifying metaphors in arbitrary text is very much an unsolved problem, let alone analyzing their meaning. Furthermore, no current methods can be transferred to new languages without the development of extensive language-specific knowledge bases and similar semantic resources. In this paper, we present a new language-independent ensemble-based approach to identifying linguistic metaphors in natural language text. The system's architecture runs multiple corpus-based metaphor identification algorithms in parallel and combines their results. The architecture allows easy integration of new metaphor identification schemes as they are developed. This new approach achieves state-of-the-art results over multiple languages and represents a significant improvement over existing methods for this problem.

[9]Daniel R. Schlegel,Stuart C. Shapiro.Inference Graphs: A New Kind of Hybrid Reasoning System[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:38-41.
机构:Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University at Buffalo;Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University at Buffalo
摘要:Hybrid reasoners combine multiple types of reasoning, usually subsumption and Prolog-style resolution. We outline a system which combines natural deduction and subsumption reasoning using Inference Graphs implementing a Logic of Arbitrary and Indefinite Objects.

[10]Julia M. Taylor,Victor Raskin.On the Nature of Composable Properties[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:42-45.
机构:Purdue University;Purdue University
摘要:On the premise that access to natural language meaning, the result of a hybrid human-computer effort, belongs in cognitive computing, the paper explores the nature of such composable properties as SIZE or TASTE. Each is associated with a number of component properties, and every value of a composable property, as expressed by natural language expressions, such as large or small for SIZE or tasty, salty or sweetish for TASTE stands, in fact, for a combination of component properties, each with its own value (range). To emulate human understanding of composable properties, the computer must analyze them as having a varying number of component properties, each with its own specified value. Thus, large animal should be understood as an animal with a high value on at least one, salient component property and not necessarily (but quite possibly) on all. Because none of the component properties is actually explicitly mentioned, the computer understanding of the composable property SIZE is a step in the direction of machine understanding of implicit meaning, which is the holy grail of deep meaning analysis and the ultimate goal of this strand of research.

[11]Hui-Ju Katherine Chiang,Shih-HanWang,Jane Yung-jen Hsu et al.Efficiently Retrieving Images that We Perceived as Similar[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:2-5.
机构:Graduate Institute of Electronics Engineering, National Taiwan University;Graduate Institute of Networking and Multimedia, National Taiwan University;Graduate Institute of Networking and Multimedia, National Taiwan University
摘要:Despite growing interest in using sparse coding based methods for image classification and retrieval, progress in this direction has been limited by the high computational cost for generating each image's sparse representation. To overcome this problem, we leverage sparsity-based dictionary learning and hash-based feature selection to build a novel unsupervised way to efficiently pick out a query image's most important high-level features; the selected set of features effectively pinpoint to which group of images we would visually perceived the query as similar. Moreover, the method is adaptive to the retrieval database presented at the moment. The preliminary results based on L1 feature map show the method's efficiency and accuracy from the visual cognitive perspective.

[12]Steve Heisig,Guillermo Cecchi,Ravi Rao et al.Augmented Human: Human OS for Improved Mental Function (Position Paper)[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:20-23.
机构:IBM T.J. Watson Research Center;IBM T.J. Watson Research Center;IBM T.J. Watson Research Center;IBM T.J. Watson Research Center
摘要:This position paper summarizes some of our initial work, as well as future research opportunities, in the area of augmenting human mental functioning via a real-time analysis of various measurements reflecting person's physiological and mental states. EEG, heart rate, blood pressure, and galvanic skin response, among several other measurements, can be collected using cheap wearable devices that are currently available on the market; moreover, novel devices that are still under development, such as electronic tattoos, promise further increase of the measurement quality, ease of use, and, as a result, even wider adoption of wearable technologies in the near future. Also, more traditional measurements of human behavior, such as speech and text, collected from various mobile devices (for example, smart phones), can be combined with the data collected by wearable devices in order to produce a more accurate inference of a person's mind state and behavior. We briefly describe a working demo in the context of a case study system that uses an EEG signal from a subject driving a car. We envision detecting both situations in which the operator may be a danger to the system, as well as occasions when the system may be a danger to the operator. Based on an Android phone and a low-cost NeuroSky EEG device, we explore applications to improve road safety. We also review existing work focused on interruptions during certain activities, as well as speech and text analysis, that can be combined with physiological data to accurately classify a person's mental state and make better decisions about when interruptions (such as, for example, an incoming phone call when the driver is in the middle of changing lanes or merging on a busy highway) would be particularly dangerous.

[13]Jaroslaw Byrka,Krzysztof Sornat.PTAS for Minimax Approval Voting[C].//Web and internet economics: 10th International Conference, WINE 2014, Beijing, China, December 14-17, 2014, Proceedings.2014:203-217.
机构:Institute of Computer Science, University of Wroclaw;Institute of Computer Science, University of Wroclaw
摘要:We consider Approval Voting systems where each voter decides on a subset of candidates he/she approves. We focus on the optimization problem of finding the committee of fixed size k, minimizing the maximal Hamming distance from a vote. In this paper we give a PTAS for this problem and hence resolve the open question raised by Carragianis et al. [AAAI'10]. The result is obtained by adapting the techniques developed by Li et al. [JACM'02] originally used for the less constrained Closest String problem. The technique relies on extracting information and structural properties of constant size subsets of votes.

