[1]Gayatree Ganu,Amelie Marian.Personalizing Forum Search Using Multidimensional Random Walks[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:111-120.
机构:Computer Science, Rutgers University;Computer Science, Rutgers University
摘要:Online forums are a vital resource for users to ask questions and to participate in discussions. Yet, the search functionality on such forum sites is very primitive; posts containing the searched keywords are retrieved in the order of their creation date. In these interactive and social web forum sites, users frequently make connections with other users due to shared interests, same information needs or similar profiles. A critical challenge then, is to score and rank the forum posts while taking into account these relations between users. In this paper, we present a personalized search over forums that leverages user similarities developed via multiple relations linking users. We build a novel multidimensional random walk model that uniformly incorporates the heterogeneous user relations to find similar forum participants. We then use this multi-relational user similarity to predict future interactions by personalizing answer search. Furthermore, we extend our methods to enhance keyword search for forum readers, by using expertise scores for all existing forum participants. Our results show that by leveraging the author dimension we can retrieve more relevant results than the traditional IR scoring alone.

[2]Karthik Dinakar,Henry Lieberman,Emily Weinstein et al.Stacked Generalization Learning to Analyze Teenage Distress[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:81-90.
机构:Massachusetts Institute of Technology;Massachusetts Institute of Technology;Harvard University;Harvard University
摘要:The internet has become a resource for adolescents who are distressed by social and emotional problems. Social network analysis can provide new opportunities for helping people seeking support online, but only if we understand the salient issues that are highly relevant to participants personal circumstances. In this paper, we present a stacked generalization modeling approach to analyze an online community supporting adolescents under duress. While traditional predictive supervised methods rely on robust hand-crafted feature space engineering, mixed initiative semi-supervised topic models are often better at extracting high-level themes that go beyond such feature spaces. We present a strategy that combines the strengths of both these types of models inspired by Prevention Science approaches which deals with the identification and amelioration of risk factors that predict to psychological, psychosocial, and psychiatric disorders within and across populations (in our case teenagers) rather than treat them post-facto. In this study, prevention scientists used a social science thematic analytic approach to code stories according to a fine-grained analysis of salient social, developmental or psychological themes they deemed relevant, and these are then analyzed by a society of models. We show that a stacked generalization of such an ensemble fares better than individual binary predictive models.

[3]Jacob Solomon,Rick Wash.Critical Mass of What? Exploring Community Growth in WikiProjects[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:476-484.
机构:Michigan State University;Michigan State University
摘要:Fledgling online communities often hope to achieve critical mass so that the community becomes sustainable. This concept however is not well understood. At what point does a community achieve critical mass, and how does the community know this? Furthermore, online communities become sustainable when they achieve a mass of what? We explore this question by analyzing growth in a large number of online communities on Wikipedia. We find that individual communities often have different patterns of growth of membership from its pattern of growth of contribution or production. We also find that in the early stages of community development, building membership has a greater impact on community production and activity in later periods than accumulating many contributions early on, and this is especially true when there is more diversity in the early participants in a community. We also show that participation from a community's "power users" in its early stage is not as valuable to sustainability as the collective contributions of those who make only small contributions. We argue that critical mass is established by developing a diverse set of community members with heterogeneous interests and resources, and not purely by accumulating content.

[4]Tawfiq Ammari,Meredith Ringel Morris,Sarita Yardi Schoenebeck et al.Accessing Social Support and Overcoming Judgment on Social Media among Parents of Children with Special Needs[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:22-31.
机构:University of Michigan;Microsoft Research;University of Michigan
摘要:About 1 out of every 6 children has been diagnosed with a special need in the United States. For their parents, the economic and emotional costs can be overwhelming. Using a mixed methods approach, we show that parents of children with special needs rely primarily on Facebook pages, Face-book groups, and Yahoo! groups for accessing information and social support. Specifically, these groups offer geographic communities for local needs (e.g. school services) and case-based communities for specific conditions (e.g. autism). Promisingly, parents perceive less judgment online than offline when talking about their children's special needs; however, these perceptions are nuanced. In particular, posts containing humor, achievement, or treatment suggestions are perceived to be more socially appropriate than posts containing judgment, violence, or social comparisons. However, results show that social media generally fails at connecting special needs families over time and across the life span. We discuss implications for social media site design and for supporting special needs families.

[5]Miles Osborne,Mark Dredze.Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus for Breaking News: Is There a Winner?[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:611-614.
机构:School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh;Human Language Technology, Center of Excellence, Johns Hopkins University
摘要:Twitter is widely seen as being the go to place for breaking news. Recently however, competing Social Media have begun to carry news. Here we examine how Facebook, Google Plus and Twitter report on breaking news. We consider coverage (whether news events are reported) and latency (the time when they are reported). Using data drawn from three weeks in December 2013, we identify 29 major news events, ranging from celebrity deaths, plague outbreaks to sports events. We find that all media carry the same major events, but Twitter continues to be the preferred medium for breaking news, almost consistently leading Facebook or Google Plus. Face-book and Google Plus largely repost newswire stories and their main research value is that they conveniently package multitple sources of information together.

[6]Justin Cheng,Cristian Danescu-Niculescu-Mizil,Jure Leskovec et al.How Community Feedback Shapes User Behavior[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:41-50.
机构:Stanford University;Max Planck Institute SWS;Stanford University
摘要:Social media systems rely on user feedback and rating mechanisms for personalization, ranking, and content filtering. However, when users evaluate content contributed by fellow users (e.g., by liking a post or voting on a comment), these evaluations create complex social feedback effects. This paper investigates how ratings on a piece of content affect its author's future behavior. By studying four large comment-based news communities, we find that negative feedback leads to significant behavioral changes that are detrimental to the community. Not only do authors of negatively-evaluated content contribute more, but also their future posts are of lower quality, and are perceived by the community as such. Moreover, these authors are more likely to subsequently evaluate their fellow users negatively, percolating these effects through the community. In contrast, positive feedback does not carry similar effects, and neither encourages rewarded authors to write more, nor improves the quality of their posts. Interestingly, the authors that receive no feedback are most likely to leave a community. Furthermore, a structural analysis of the voter network reveals that evaluations polarize the community the most when positive and negative votes are equally split.

[7]Vinicius Zambaldi,Joao Paulo Pesce,Daniele Quercia et al.Lightweight Contextual Ranking of City Pictures: Urban Sociology to the Rescue[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:555-563.
机构:Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Yahoo Labs;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
摘要:To increase mobile user engagement, photo sharing sites are trying to identify interesting and memorable pictures. Past proposals for identifying such pictures have relied on either metadata (e.g., likes) or visual features. In practice, techniques based on those two inputs do not always work: metadata is sparse (only few pictures have considerable number of likes), and extracting visual features is computationally expensive. In mobile solutions, geo-referenced content becomes increasingly important. The premise behind this work is that pictures of a neighborhood is linked to the way the neighborhood is perceived by people: whether it is, for instance, distinctive and beautiful or not. Since 1970s, urban theories proposed by Lynch, Milgram and Peterson aimed at systematically capturing the way people perceive neighborhoods. Here we tested whether those theories could be put to use for automatically identifying appealing city pictures. We did so by gathering geo-referenced Flickr pictures in the city of London; selecting six urban qualities associated with those urban theories; computing proxies for those qualities from online social media data; and ranking Flickr pictures based on those proxies. We find that our proposal enjoys three main desirable properties: it is effective, scalable, and aware of contextual changes such as time of day and weather condition. All this suggests new promising research directions for multi-modal learning approaches that automatically identify appealing city pictures.

[8]Haoqi Zhang,Andres Monroy-Hernandez,Aaron Shaw et al.WeDo: End-To-End Computer Supported Collective Action[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:639-642.
机构:Northwestern University;Microsoft Research;Northwestern University;University of Washington;Northwestern University;University of Washington;Carnegie Mellon University;Microsoft Research;University of Zurich
摘要:Many celebrate the Internet's ability to connect individuals and facilitate collective action toward a common goal. While numerous systems have been designed to support particular aspects of collective action, few systems support participatory, end-to-end collective action in which a crowd or community identifies opportunities, formulates goals, brainstorms ideas and develops plans, mobilizes, and takes action. To explore the possibilities and barriers in supporting such interactions, we introduce WeDo, a system aimed at promoting simple forms of participatory, end-to-end collective action. Pilot deployments of WeDo illustrate that sociotechnical systems can support automated transitions through different phases of end-to-end collective action, but that challenges, such as the elicitation of leadership and the accommodation of existing group norms, remain.

[9]Kaiping Zhang,Rene F. Kizilcec.Anonymity in Social Media: Effects of Content Controversiality and Social Endorsement on Sharing Behavior[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:643-646.
机构:Department of Communication, Stanford University;Department of Communication, Stanford University
摘要:The amount of information shared via social media is rapidly increasing amid growing concerns over online privacy. This study investigates the effect of controversiality and social endorsement of media content on sharing behavior when choosing between sharing publicly or anonymously. Anonymous sharing is found to be a popular choice (59% of shares), especially for controversial content which is 3.2x more likely to be shard anonymously. Social endorsement was not found to affect sharing behavior, except for sports-related content. Implications for social media interface design are discussed.

[10]Manuel Gomez-Rodriguez,Krishna P. Gummadi,Bernhard Scholkopf et al.Quantifying Information Overload in Social Media and Its Impact on Social Contagions[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:170-179.
机构:MPI for Intelligent Systems;MPI for Software Systems;MPI for Intelligent Systems
摘要:Information overload has become an ubiquitous problem in modern society. Social media users and microbloggers receive an endless flow of information, often at a rate far higher than their cognitive abilities to process the information. In this paper, we conduct a large scale quantitative study of information overload and evaluate its impact on information dissemination in the Twitter social media site. We model social media users as information processing systems that queue incoming information according to some policies, process information from the queue at some unknown rates and decide to forward some of the incoming information to other users. We show how timestamped data about tweets received and forwarded by users can be used to uncover key properties of their queueing policies and estimate their information processing rates and limits. Such an understanding of users' information processing behaviors allows us to infer whether and to what extent users suffer from information overload. Our analysis provides empirical evidence of information processing limits for social media users and the prevalence of information overloading. The most active and popular social media users are often the ones that are overloaded. Moreover, we find that the rate at which users receive information impacts their processing behavior, including how they prioritize information from different sources, how much information they process, and how quickly they process information. Finally, the susceptibility of a social media user to social contagions depends crucially on the rate at which she receives information. An exposure to a piece of information, be it an idea, a convention or a product, is much less effective for users that receive information at higher rates, meaning they need more exposures to adopt a particular contagion.

[11]Jalal Mahmud,Huiji Gao.Why Do You Spread This Message? Understanding Users Sentiment in Social Media Campaigns[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:607-610.
机构:IBM Research - Almaden;Arizona State University
摘要:Twitter has been increasingly used for spreading messages about campaigns. Such campaigns try to gain followers through their Twitter accounts, influence the followers and spread messages through them. In this paper, we explore the relationship between followers' sentiment towards the campaign topic and their rate of retweeting of messages generated by the campaign. Our analysis with followers of multiple social-media campaigns found statistical significant correlations between such sentiment and retweeting rate. Based on our analysis, we have conducted an online intervention study among the followers of different social-media campaigns. Our study shows that targeting followers based on their sentiment towards the campaign can give higher re-tweet rate than a number of other baseline approaches.

[12]Markus Luczak-Roesch,Ramine Tinati,Elena Simperl et al.Why Won't Aliens Talk to Us? Content and Community Dynamics in Online Citizen Science[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:315-324.
机构:Web and Internet Science, Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton;Web and Internet Science, Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton;Web and Internet Science, Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton;Web and Internet Science, Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton;Web and Internet Science, Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton;Department of Physics, Oxford University
摘要:We conducted a quantitative analysis of ten citizen science projects hosted on the Zooniverse platform, using a data set of over 50 million activity records and more than 250, 000 users, collected between December 2010 and July 2013. We examined the level of participation of users in Zooniverse discussion forums in relation to their contributions toward the completion of scientific (micro-)tasks. As Zooniverse is home to a multitude of projects, we were also interested in the emergence of cross-projects effects, and identified those project characteristics, most importantly the subject domain and the duration of a project. We also looked into the adoption of expert terminology, showing that this phenomenon is dependent on the scientific domain which a project addresses but also affected by how the communication features are actually used by a community. This is the first study of this kind in this increasingly important class of online community, and its insights will inform the design and further development of the Zooniverse platform, and of citizen science systems as a whole.

[13]Yabing Liu,Chloe Kliman-Silver,Alan Mislove et al.The Tweets They Are a-Changin': Evolution of Twitter Users and Behavior[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:305-314.
机构:Northeastern University;Brown University;Northeastern University
摘要:The microblogging site Twitter is now one of the most popular Web destinations. Due to the relative ease of data access, there has been significant research based on Twitter data, ranging from measuring the spread of ideas through society to predicting the behavior of real-world phenomena such as the stock market. Unfortunately, relatively little work has studied the changes in the Twitter ecosystem itself; most research that uses Twitter data is typically based on a small time-window of data, generally ranging from a few weeks to a few months. Twitter is known to have evolved significantly since its founding, and it remains unclear whether prior results still hold, and whether the (often implicit) assumptions of proposed systems are still valid. In this paper, we take a first step towards answering these question by focusing on the evolution of Twitter's users and their behavior. Using a set of over 37 billion tweets spanning over seven years, we quantify how the users, their behavior, and the site as a whole have evolved. We observe and quantify a number of trends including the spread of Twitter across the globe, the rise of spam and malicious behavior, the rapid adoption of tweeting conventions, and the shift from desktop to mobile usage. Our results can be used to interpret and calibrate previous Twitter work, as well as to make future projections of the site as a whole.

[14]Thiago H. Silva,Pedro O. S. Vaz de Melo,Jussara Almeida et al.You Are What You Eat (and Drink): Identifying Cultural Boundaries by Analyzing Food and Drink Habits in Foursquare[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:466-475.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Department of Computer Science, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Department of Computer Science, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham;Department of Computer Science, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
摘要:Food and drink are two of the most basic needs of human beings. However, as society evolved, food and drink became also a strong cultural aspect, being able to describe strong differences among people. Traditional methods used to analyze cross-cultural differences are mainly based on surveys and, for this reason, they are very difficult to represent a significant statistical sample at a global scale. In this paper, we propose a new methodology to identify cultural boundaries and similarities across populations at different scales based on the analysis of Foursquare check-ins. This approach might be useful not only for economic purposes, but also to support existing and novel marketing and social applications. Our methodology consists of the following steps. First, we map food and drink related check-ins extracted from Foursquare into users' cultural preferences. Second, we identify particular individual preferences, such as the taste for a certain type of food or drink, e.g., pizza or sake, as well as temporal habits, such as the time and day of the week when an individual goes to a restaurant or a bar. Third, we show how to analyze this information to assess the cultural distance between two countries, cities or even areas of a city. Fourth, we apply a simple clustering technique, using this cultural distance measure, to draw cultural boundaries across countries, cities and regions.

[15]Frank M. Shipman,Catherine C. Marshall.Creating and Sharing Records of Multiplayer Online Game Play: Practices and Attitudes[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:456-465.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Texas A&amp;amp;M University;Microsoft Research
摘要:Online games offer multiple ways for players to interact. Recordings of these interactions are used for a variety of purposes. Such recordings raise ownership issues similar to those arising from the use of other online media. This paper presents an analysis of the attitudes and practices of 241 online gamers, 36% of whom reported recording gameplay and 29% of whom reported watching or accessing records of gameplay. We use a series of scenarios and hypothetical statements to elicit reactions to varying features of the production and use of these records; the parties involved, the type of records, and how they are used may all influence perceived ownership rights. Players are more sensitive to the recording and reuse of in-game textual communication than they are to recordings of avatar activity in the virtual world. Particularly negative reactions were elicited by scenarios that proposed a search capability over players' textual communication or the reuse of such in-game communication in the software publisher's advertisements. Additionally, players are skeptical of institutional archiving of such game content, although 50 year embargos on access brought attitudes in line with those for other media.

[16]Jalal Mahmud.Why Do You Write This? Prediction of Influencers from Word Use[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:603-606.
机构:IBM Research - Almaden
摘要:With the widespread usage of social media, there has been much effort on detecting influential users for different information propagation applications. An inherent limitation of such methods is that they can only detect influential users after such users show observable signals of influence. However, in many real world applications including a counter-campaign, an organization needs a way to detect influencers early, so that they can take appropriate measure before it is too late to intervene. In this work, we present a method to detect such would-be influencers from their prior word usage in social media. We compute psycholinguistic category scores from word usage, and investigate how people with different scores exhibited different influence behaviors on Twitter. We also found psycholinguistic categories that show significant correlations with such behaviors, and built predictive models of influence from such category based features. Our experiments using a real world dataset validates that such predictions can be done with reasonable accuracy.

[17]Xiangju Qin,Michael Salter-Townshend,Padraig Cunningham et al.Exploring the Relationship between Membership Turnover and Productivity in Online Communities[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:406-415.
机构:School of Computer Science &amp;amp;Informatics, University College Dublin;Department of Statistics, University of Oxford;School of Computer Science &amp;amp;Informatics, University College Dublin
摘要:One of the more disruptive reforms associated with the modern Internet is the emergence of online communities working together on knowledge artefacts such as Wikipedia and OpenStreetMap. Recently it has become clear that these initiatives are vulnerable because of problems with membership turnover. This study presents a longitudinal analysis of 891 WikiProjects where we model the impact of member turnover and social capital losses on project productivity. By examining social capital losses we attempt to provide a more nuanced analysis of member turnover. In this context social capital is modelled from a social network perspective where the loss of more central members has more impact. We find that only a small proportion of WikiProjects are in a relatively healthy state with low levels of membership turnover and social capital losses. The results show that the relationship between social capital losses and project performance is U-shaped, and that member withdrawal has significant negative effect on project outcomes. The results also support the mediation of turnover rate and network density on the curvilinear relationship.

[18]Adrien Friggeri,Lada A. Adamic,Dean Eckles et al.Rumor Cascades[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:101-110.
机构:Facebook;Facebook;Facebook;Stanford University
摘要:Online social networks provide a rich substrate for rumor propagation. Information received via friends tends to be trusted, and online social networks allow individuals to transmit information to many friends at once. By referencing known rumors from Snopes.com, a popular website documenting memes and urban legends, we track the propagation of thousands of rumors appearing on Facebook. From this sample we infer the rates at which rumors from different categories and of varying truth value are uploaded and reshared. We find that rumor cascades run deeper in the social network than reshare cascades in general. We then examine the effect of individual reshares receiving a comment containing a link to a Snopes article on the evolution of the cascade. We find that receiving such a comment increases the likelihood that a reshare of a rumor will be deleted. Furthermore, large cascades are able to accumulate hundreds of Snopes comments while continuing to propagate. Finally, using a dataset of rumors copied and pasted from one status update to another, we show that rumors change over time and that different variants tend to dominate different bursts in popularity.

[19]Munmun De Choudhury,Sushovan De.Mental Health Discourse on reddit: Self-Disclosure, Social Support, and Anonymity[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:71-80.
机构:School of Interactive Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta GA;Department of Computer Science, Arizona State University Tempe AZ
摘要:Social media is continually emerging as a platform of information exchange around health challenges. We study mental health discourse on the popular social media: reddit. Building on findings about health information seeking and sharing practices in online forums, and social media like Twitter, we address three research challenges. First, we present a characterization of self-disclosure in mental illness communities on reddit. We observe individuals discussing a variety of concerns ranging from the daily grind to specific queries about diagnosis and treatment. Second, we build a statistical model to examine the factors that drive social support on mental health reddit communities. We also develop language models to characterize mental health social support, which are observed to bear emotional, informational, instrumental, and prescriptive information. Finally, we study disinhibition in the light of the dissociative anonymity that reddit's throwaway accounts provide. Apart from promoting open conversations, such anonymity surprisingly is found to gather feedback that is more involving and emotionally engaging. Our findings reveal, for the first time, the kind of unique information needs that a social media like reddit might be fulfilling when it comes to a stigmatic illness. They also expand our understanding of the role of the social web in behavioral therapy.

[20]C. J. Hutto,Eric Gilbert.VADER: A Parsimonious Rule-based Model for Sentiment Analysis of Social Media Text[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:216-225.
机构:Georgia Institute of Technology;Georgia Institute of Technology
摘要:The inherent nature of social media content poses serious challenges to practical applications of sentiment analysis. We present VADER, a simple rule-based model for general sentiment analysis, and compare its effectiveness to eleven typical state-of-practice benchmarks including LIWC, ANEW, the General Inquirer, SentiWordNet, and machine learning oriented techniques relying on Naive Bayes, Maximum Entropy, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithms. Using a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods, we first construct and empirically validate a gold-standard list of lexical features (along with their associated sentiment intensity measures) which are specifically attuned to sentiment in microblog-like contexts. We then combine these lexical features with consideration for five general rules that embody grammatical and syntactical conventions for expressing and emphasizing sentiment intensity. Interestingly, using our parsimonious rule-based model to assess the sentiment of tweets, we find that VADER outperforms individual human raters (F1 Classification Accuracy = 0.96 and 0.84, respectively), and generalizes more favorably across contexts than any of our benchmarks.

[21]Leman Akoglu.Quantifying Political Polarity Based on Bipartite Opinion Networks[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:2-11.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University
摘要:Political inclinations of individuals (liberal vs. conservative) largely shape their opinions on several issues such as abortion, gun control, nuclear power, etc. These opinions are openly exerted in online forums, news sites, the parliament, and so on. In this paper, we address the problem of quantifying political polarity of individuals and of political issues for classification and ranking. We use signed bipartite networks to represent the opinions of individuals on issues, and formulate the problem as a node classification task. We propose a linear algorithm that exploits network effects to learn both the polarity labels as well as the rankings of people and issues in a completely unsupervised manner. Through extensive experiments we demonstrate that our proposed method provides an effective, fast, and easy-to-implement solution, while outperforming three existing baseline algorithms adapted to signed networks, on real political forum and US Congress datasets. Experiments on a wide variety of synthetic graphs with varying polarity and degree distributions of the nodes further demonstrate the robustness of our approach.

[22]Hemant Purohit,Yiye Ruan,David Fuhry et al.On Understanding the Divergence of Online Social Group Discussion[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:396-405.
机构:Kno.e.sis Center, Wright State University;Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Ohio State University;Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Ohio State University;Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Ohio State University;Kno.e.sis Center, Wright State University
摘要:We study online social group dynamics based on how group members diverge in their online discussions. Previous studies mostly focused on the link structure to characterize social group dynamics, whereas the group behavior of content generation in discussions is not well understood. Particularly, we use Jensen-Shannon (JS) divergence to measure the divergence of topics in user-generated contents, and how it progresses over time. We study Twitter messages (tweets) in multiple real-world events (natural disasters and social activism) with different times and demographics. We also model structural and user features with guidance from two socio-psychological theories, social cohesion and social identity, to learn their implications on group discussion divergence. Those features show significant correlation with group discussion divergence. By leveraging them we are able to construct a classifier to predict the future increase or decrease in group discussion divergence, which achieves an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.84 and an F-1 score (harmonic mean of precision and recall) of 0.8. Our approach allows to systematically study collective diverging group behavior independent of group formation design. It can help to prioritize whom to engage with in communities for specific topics of needs during disaster response coordination, and for specific concerns and advocacy in the brand management.

[23]Kimberly Glasgow,Clayton Fink,Jordan Boyd-Graber et al."Our Grief is Unspeakable": Automatically Measuring the Community Impact of a Tragedy[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:161-169.
机构:Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory;Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory;University of Maryland iSchool and UMIACS
摘要:Social media offer a real-time, unfiltered view of how disasters affect communities. Crisis response, disaster mental health, and-more broadly-public health can benefit from automated analysis of the public's mental state as exhibited on social media. Our focus is on Twitter data from a community that lost members in a mass shooting and another community-geographically removed from the shooting-that was indirectly exposed. We show that a common approach for understanding emotional response in text: Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count (LIWC) can be substantially improved using machine learning. Starting with tweets flagged by LIWC as containing content related to the issue of death, we devise a categorization scheme for death-related tweets to induce automatic text classification of such content. This improved methodology reveals striking differences in the magnitude and duration of increases in death-related talk between these communities. It also detects subtle shifts in the nature of death-related talk. Our results offer lessons for gauging public response and for developing interventions in the wake of a tragedy.

[24]Peng Xia,Hua Jiang,Xiaodong Wang et al.Predicting User Replying Behavior on a Large Online Dating Site[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:545-554.
机构:Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Lowell;Product Division;Product Division;Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Lowell;Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Lowell
摘要:Online dating sites have become popular platforms for people to look for potential romantic partners. Many online dating sites provide recommendations on compatible partners based on their proprietary matching algorithms. It is important that not only the recommended dates match the user's preference or criteria, but also the recommended users are interested in the user and likely to reciprocate when contacted. The goal of this paper is to predict whether an initial contact message from a user will be replied to by the receiver. The study is based on a large scale real-world dataset obtained from a major dating site in China with more than sixty million registered users. We formulate our reply prediction as a link prediction problem of social networks and approach it using a machine learning framework. The availability of a large amount of user profile information and the bipartite nature of the dating network present unique opportunities and challenges to the reply prediction problem. We extract user-based features from user profiles and graph-based features from the bipartite dating network, apply them in a variety of classification algorithms, and compare the utility of the features and performance of the classifiers. Our results show that the user-based and graph-based features result in similar performance, and can be used to effectively predict the reciprocal links. Only a small performance gain is achieved when both feature sets are used. Among the five classifiers we considered, random forests method outperforms the other four algorithms (naive Bayes, logistic regression, KNN, and SVM). Our methods and results can provide valuable guidelines to the design and performance of recommendation engine for online dating sites.

[25]Petko Georgiev,Anastasios Noulas,Cecilia Mascolo et al.Where Businesses Thrive: Predicting the Impact of the Olympic Games on Local Retailers through Location-Based Services Data[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:151-160.
机构:Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge
摘要:The Olympic Games are an important sporting event with notable consequences for the general economic landscape of the host city. Traditional economic assessments focus on the aggregated impact of the event on the national income, but fail to provide micro-scale insights on why local businesses will benefit from the increased activity during the Games. In this paper we provide a novel approach to modeling the impact of the Olympic Games on local retailers by analyzing a dataset mined from a large location-based social service, Foursquare. We hypothesize that the spatial positioning of businesses as well as the mobility trends of visitors are primary indicators of whether retailers will rise their popularity during the event. To confirm this we formulate a retail winners prediction task in the context of which we evaluate a set of geographic and mobility metrics. We find that the proximity to stadiums, the diversity of activity in the neighborhood, the nearby area sociability, as well as the probability of customer flows from and to event places such as stadiums and parks are all vital factors. Through supervised learning techniques we demonstrate that the success of businesses hinges on a combination of both geographic and mobility factors. Our results suggest that location-based social networks, where crowdsourced information about the dynamic interaction of users with urban spaces becomes publicly available, present an alternative medium to assess the economic impact of large scale events in a city.

[26]Clare Llewellyn,Claire Grover,Jon Oberlander et al.Summarizing Newspaper Comments[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:599-602.
机构:The School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh;The School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh;The School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh
摘要:This work investigates summarizing the conversations that occur in the comments section of the UK newspaper the Guardian. In the comment summarization task comments are clustered and ranked within the cluster. The top comments from each cluster are used to give an overview of that cluster. It was found that topic model clustering gave the most agreement when evaluated against a human gold standard. This approach is compared to cosine distance clustering and k-means clustering. PageRank was found to be the prefered ranking system when compared with TF-IDF, Mutual Information gain and Maximal Marginal Relevance and evaluated against sets of comments summarized by a journalist for the Guardian letters page.

[27]Antonio Lima,Luca Rossi,Mirco Musolesi et al.Coding Together at Scale: GitHub as a Collaborative Social Network[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:295-304.
机构:School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham;School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham;School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham
摘要:GitHub is the most popular repository for open source code (Finley 2011). It has more than 3.5 million users, as the company declared in April 2013, and more than 10 million repositories, as of December 2013. It has a publicly accessible API and, since March 2012, it also publishes a stream of all the events occurring on public projects. Interactions among GitHub users are of a complex nature and take place in different forms. Developers create and fork repositories, push code, approve code pushed by others, bookmark their favorite projects and follow other developers to keep track of their activities. In this paper we present a characterization of GitHub, as both a social network and a collaborative platform. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first quantitative study about the interactions happening on GitHub. We analyze the logs from the service over 18 months (between March 11, 2012 and September 11, 2013), describing 183.54 million events and we obtain information about 2.19 million users and 5.68 million repositories, both growing linearly in time. We show that the distributions of the number of contributors per project, watchers per project and followers per user show a power-law-like shape. We analyze social ties and repository-mediated collaboration patterns, and we observe a remarkably low level of reciprocity of the social connections. We also measure the activity of each user in terms of authored events and we observe that very active users do not necessarily have a large number of followers. Finally, we provide a geographic characterization of the centers of activity and we investigate how distance influences collaboration.

[28]Ingmar Weber,Venkata Rama Kiran Garimella.Visualizing User-Defined, Discriminative Geo-Temporal Twitter Activity[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:656-657.
机构:Qatar Computing Research Institute;Qatar Computing Research Institute
摘要:We present a system that visualizes geo-temporal Twitter activity. The distinguishing features our system offers include, (i) a large degree of user freedom in specifying the subset of data to visualize and (ii) a focus on discriminative patterns rather than high volume patterns. Tweets with precise GPS co-ordinates are assigned to geographical cells and grouped by (i) tweet language, (ii) tweet topic, (iii) day of week, and (iv) time of day. The spatial resolutions of the cells is determined in a data-driven manner using quad-trees and recursive splitting. The user can then choose to see data for, say, English tweets on weekend evenings for the topic "party". This system has been implemented for 1.8 million geo-tagged tweets from Qatar (http://qtr.qcri.org/) and for 4.8 million geotagged tweets from New York City (http://nyc.qcri.org/) and can be easily extended to other cities/countries.

[29]Yuheng Hu,Lydia Manikonda,Subbarao Kambhampati et al.What We Instagram: A First Analysis of Instagram Photo Content and User Types[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:595-598.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Arizona State University;Department of Computer Science, Arizona State University;Department of Computer Science, Arizona State University
摘要:Instagram is a relatively new form of communication where users can easily share their updates by taking photos and tweaking them using filters. It has seen rapid growth in the number of users as well as uploads since it was launched in October 2010. In spite of the fact that it is the most popular photo capturing and sharing application, it has attracted relatively less attention from the research community. In this paper, we present both qualitative and quantitative analysis on Instagram. We use computer vision techniques to examine the photo content. Based on that, we identify the different types of active users on Instagram using clustering. Our results reveal several insights about Instagram which were never studied before, that include: 1) Eight popular photos categories, 2) Five distinct types of Instagram users in terms of their posted photos, and 3) A user's audience (number of followers) is independent of his/her shared photos on Instagram. To our knowledge, this is the first in-depth study of content and users on Instagram.

[30]Alexandra Olteanu,Carlos Castillo,Fernando Diaz et al.CrisisLex: A Lexicon for Collecting and Filtering Microblogged Communications in Crises[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:376-385.
机构:Ecole Polytechnique, Federale de Lausanne;Qatar Computing, Research Institute;Microsoft Research;Qatar Computing, Research Institute
摘要:Locating timely, useful information during crises and mass emergencies is critical for those forced to make potentially life-altering decisions. As the use of Twitter to broadcast useful information during such situations becomes more widespread, the problem of finding it becomes more difficult. We describe an approach toward improving the recall in the sampling of Twitter communications that can lead to greater situational awareness during crisis situations. First, we create a lexicon of crisis-related terms that frequently appear in relevant messages posted during different types of crisis situations. Next, we demonstrate how we use the lexicon to automatically identify new terms that describe a given crisis. Finally, we explain how to efficiently query Twitter to extract crisis-related messages during emergency events. In our experiments, using a crisis lexicon leads to substantial improvements in terms of recall when added to a set of crisis-specific keywords manually chosen by experts; it also helps to preserve the original distribution of message types.

[31]Ingmar Weber,Venkata Rama Kiran Garimella.Using Co-Following for Personalized Out-of-Context Twitter Friend Recommendation[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:654-655.
机构:Qatar Computing Research Institute;Qatar Computing Research Institute
摘要:We present two demos that give personalized "out-of-context" recommendations of Twitter users to follow. By out-of-context we mean that a user wants to receive recommendation on, say, musicians to follow even though the user's tweets' contents and social links have no connection to the "context" of music. In this setting, where a user has never expressed interest in the context of music, many existing methods fail. Our approach exploits co-following information and hidden correlations where, say, a user's political preference might actually provide clues about their likely music preference. For example, a user u might be recommended a particular music band b because u also follows a set of politicians P, and other users who follow members of P tend to follow b, rather than an alternative b'. We implement this framework in two very distinct settings: one for recommending musicians and one for recommending political parties in Tunisia. Our framework is simple and similar to Amazon's "users who bought X also bought Y" and can be used not only for explainable out-of-context recommendations but also for social studies on, say, which music is "closest" to users of a particular political affiliation. It also helps to introduce and to "link" a user to an unknown domain, say, politics in Tunisia. Our two web-based demos are publicly accessible at http: //scdl.qcri.org/twitter/musicians/ (for recommending musicians) and http://scdl.qcri.org/twitter/tunisia/ (for recommending Tunisian parties).

[32]Lilian Weng,Filippo Menczer,Yong-Yeol Ahn et al.Predicting Successful Memes using Network and Community Structure[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:535-544.
机构:Center for Complex Networks and Systems Research, School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University;Center for Complex Networks and Systems Research, School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University;Center for Complex Networks and Systems Research, School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University
摘要:We investigate the predictability of successful memes using their early spreading patterns in the underlying social networks. We propose and analyze a comprehensive set of features and develop an accurate model to predict future popularity of a meme given its early spreading patterns. Our paper provides the first comprehensive comparison of existing predictive frameworks. We categorize our features into three groups: influence of early adopters, community concentration, and characteristics of adoption time series. We find that features based on community structure are the most powerful predictors of future success. We also find that early popularity of a meme is not a good predictor of its future popularity, contrary to common belief. Our methods outperform other approaches, particularly in the task of detecting very popular or unpopular memes.

[33]Raphael Ottoni,Diego Las Casas,Joao Paulo Pesce et al.Of Pins and Tweets: Investigating How Users Behave Across Image- and Text-Based Social Networks[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:386-395.
机构:Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais;Northeastern University;Northeastern University;Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
摘要:Today, it is the norm for online social (OSN) users to have accounts on multiple services. For example, a recent study showed that 34% of all Twitter users also use Pinterest. This situation leads to interesting questions such as: Are the activities that users perform on each site disjoint? Alternatively, if users perform the same actions on multiple sites, where does the information originate? Given the interlinking between social networks, failure to understand activity across multiple-sites may obfuscate the true information dissemination dynamics of the social web. In this study, we take the first steps towards a more complete understanding of user behavior across multiple OSNs. We collect a sample of over 30,000 users that have accounts on both Twitter and Pinterest, crawling their profile information and activity on a daily basis for a period of almost three months. We develop a novel methodology for comparing activity across these two sites. We find that the global patterns of use across the two sites differ significantly, and that users tend to post items to Pinterest before posting them on Twitter. Our findings can inform the understanding of the behavior of users on individual sites, as well as the dynamics of sharing across the social web.

[34]Petko Georgiev,Anastasios Noulas,Cecilia Mascolo et al.The Call of the Crowd: Event Participation in Location-Based Social Services[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:141-150.
机构:Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge
摘要:Understanding the social and behavioral forces behind event participation is not only interesting from the viewpoint of social science, but also has important applications in the design of personalized event recommender systems. This paper takes advantage of data from a widely used location-based social network, Foursquare, to analyze event patterns in three metropolitan cities. We put forward several hypotheses on the motivating factors of user participation and confirm that social aspects play a major role in determining the likelihood of a user to participate in an event. While an explicit social filtering signal accounting for whether friends are attending dominates the factors, the popularity of an event proves to also be a strong attractor. Further, we capture an implicit social signal by performing random walks in a high dimensional graph that encodes the place type preferences of friends and that proves especially suited to identify relevant niche events for users. Our findings on the extent to which the various temporal, spatial and social aspects underlie users' event preferences lead us to further hypothesize that a combination of factors better models users' event interests. We verify this through a supervised learning framework. We show that for one in three users in London and one in five users in New York and Chicago it identifies the exact event the user would attend among the pool of suggestions.

[35]Miaomiao Wen,Diyi Yang,Carolyn Penstein Rose et al.Linguistic Reflections of Student Engagement in Massive Open Online Courses[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:525-534.
机构:Language Technology Institute, Carnegie Mellon University;Language Technology Institute, Carnegie Mellon University;Language Technology Institute, Carnegie Mellon University
摘要:While data from Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) offers the potential to gain new insights into the ways in which online communities can contribute to student learning, much of the richness of the data trace is still yet to be mined. In particular, very little work has attempted fine-grained content analyses of the student interactions in MOOCs. Survey research indicates the importance of student goals and intentions in keeping them involved in a MOOC over time. Automated fine-grained content analyses offer the potential to detect and monitor evidence of student engagement and how it relates to other aspects of their behavior. Ultimately these indicators reflect their commitment to remaining in the course. As a methodological contribution, in this paper we investigate using computational linguistic models to measure learner motivation and cognitive engagement from the text of forum posts. We validate our techniques using survival models that evaluate the predictive validity of these variables in connection with attrition over time. We conduct this evaluation in three MOOCs focusing on very different types of learning materials. Prior work demonstrates that participation in the discussion forums at all is a strong indicator of student commitment. Our methodology allows us to differentiate better among these students, and to identify danger signs that a struggling student is in need of support within a population whose interaction with the course offers the opportunity for effective support to be administered. Theoretical and practical implications will be discussed.

[36]Haiko Lietz,Arnim Bleier,Claudia Wagner et al.When Politicians Talk: Assessing Online Conversational Practices of Political Parties on Twitter[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:285-294.
机构:GESIS &amp;amp;University of Duisburg-Essen;GESIS - Leibniz Institute for the Social Sciences;GESIS &amp;amp;University of Koblenz;GESIS &amp;amp;University of Koblenz
摘要:Assessing political conversations in social media requires a deeper understanding of the underlying practices and styles that drive these conversations. In this paper, we present a computational approach for assessing online conversational practices of political parties. Following a deductive approach, we devise a number of quantitative measures from a discussion of theoretical constructs in sociological theory. The resulting measures make different - mostly qualitative - aspects of online conversational practices amenable to computation. We evaluate our computational approach by applying it in a case study. In particular, we study online conversational practices of German politicians on Twitter during the German federal election 2013. We find that political parties share some interesting patterns of behavior, but also exhibit some unique and interesting idiosyncrasies. Our work sheds light on (i) how complex cultural phenomena such as online conversational practices are amenable to quantification and (ii) the way social media such as Twitter are utilized by political parties.

[37]Martin Hentschel,Omar Alonso,Scott Counts et al.Finding Users We Trust: Scaling Up Verified Twitter Users Using Their Communication Patterns[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:591-594.
机构:Microsoft;Microsoft;Microsoft Research;Microsoft
摘要:We present a technique to identify Twitter users we trust to be regular Twitter users and not spam or fake accounts. The technique starts with an initial set of trusted users based on Twitter's verified users and recursively includes other users the trusted users communicate with. Conversations must be initiated by trusted users. We show that this technique produces a set of users that is over 200 times larger than Twitter's verified users. Our evaluation shows that the share of non-spam users within the resulting set of trusted users is more than 92% while the share of non-spam users within all tweeting users is 74%.

[38]Nicholas Diakopoulos,Arkaitz Zubiaga.Newsworthiness and Network Gatekeeping on Twitter: The Role of Social Deviance[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:587-590.
机构:Columbia University, School of Journalism;Dublin Institute of Tech., Applied Intelligence Research Centre
摘要:Publishers of news information are keen to amplify the reach of their content by making it as re-sharable as possible on social media. In this work we study the relationship between the concept of social deviance and the re-sharing of news headlines by network gatekeepers on Twitter. Do network gatekeepers have the same predilection for selecting socially deviant news items as professionals? Through a study of 8,000 news items across 8 major news outlets in the U.S. we predominately find that network gatekeepers re-share news items more often when they reference socially deviant events. At the same time we find and discuss exceptions for two outlets, suggesting a more complex picture where newsworthiness for networked gatekeepers may be moderated by other effects such as topicality or varying motivations and relationships with their audience.

[39]Kyumin Lee,Steve Webb,Hancheng Ge et al.The Dark Side of Micro-Task Marketplaces: Characterizing Fiverr and Automatically Detecting Crowdturfing[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:275-284.
机构:Utah State University;Georgia Institute of Technology;Texas A&amp;amp;M University
摘要:As human computation on crowdsourcing systems has become popular and powerful for performing tasks, malicious users have started misusing these systems by posting malicious tasks, propagating manipulated contents, and targeting popular web services such as online social networks and search engines. Recently, these malicious users moved to Fiverr, a fast-growing micro-task marketplace, where workers can post crowdturfing tasks (i.e., astroturfing campaigns run by crowd workers) and malicious customers can purchase those tasks for only $5. In this paper, we present a comprehensive analysis of Fiverr. First, we identify the most popular types of crowdturfing tasks found in this market-place and conduct case studies for these crowdturfing tasks. Then, we build crowdturfing task detection classifiers to filter these tasks and prevent them from becoming active in the marketplace. Our experimental results show that the proposed classification approach effectively detects crowdturfing tasks, achieving 97.35% accuracy. Finally, we analyze the real world impact of crowdturfing tasks by purchasing active Fiverr tasks and quantifying their impact on a target site. As part of this analysis, we show that current security systems inadequately detect crowdsourced manipulation, which confirms the necessity of our proposed crowdturfing task detection approach.

[40]Sejeong Kwon,Meeyoung Cha.Modeling Bursty Temporal Pattern of Rumors[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:650-651.
机构:Graduate School of Culture Technology, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology;Graduate School of Culture Technology, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology
摘要:Online social networks enable fast and wide diffusion of rumors, which could be potential threats to the society. Understanding the rumor spreading mechanism is therefore essential. This demo presents an agent-pattern based model that can explain the spiky temporal diffusion pattern of rumors. The demo platform provides an interface allowing users to check a wide set of parameters contribute to the characteristic temporal pattern of rumors.

[41]Taiki Miyanishi,Kazuhiro Seki,Kuniaki Uehara et al.Time-Aware Latent Concept Expansion for Microblog Search[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:366-375.
机构:Graduate School of System Informatics, Kobe University;Graduate School of System Informatics, Kobe University;Graduate School of System Informatics, Kobe University
摘要:Incorporating the temporal property of words into query expansion methods based on relevance feedback has been shown to have a significant positive effect on microblog search. In contrast to such word-based query expansion methods, we propose a concept-based query expansion method based on a temporal relevance model that uses the temporal variation of concepts (e.g., terms and phrases) on microblogs. Our model naturally extends an extremely effective existing concept-based relevance model by tracking the concept frequency over time. Moreover, the proposed model produces important concepts that are frequently used within a particular time period associated with a given topic, which better discriminate between relevant and non-relevant microblog documents than words. Our experiments using a corpus of microblog data (Tweets2011 corpus) show that the proposed concept-based query expansion method improves search performance significantly, especially for highly relevant documents.

[42]Loizos Michael,Jahna Otterbacher.Write Like I Write: Herding in the Language of Online Reviews[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:356-365.
机构:Open University of Cyprus;Open University of Cyprus
摘要:Our behaviors often converge with those of others, and language within social media is no exception. We consider reviews of tourist attractions at TripAdvisor (TA), the world's largest resource for travel information. Unlike social networking sites, TA review forums do not facilitate direct interaction between participants. Nonetheless, theory suggests that language is guided by writers' conception of their audience, and that their style can shift in response. We implement a model of herding as a local transmission process, exploring the hypothesis that a reviewer is influenced by how preceding reviews manifest a given stylistic feature (e.g., pronouns, paralinguistic devices). We find that reviewers are more likely to use unusual features when such characteristics appear in their local context. The extent to which reviewers are influenced by context is correlated to attributes shared in their profiles, as well as their sentiment toward the attraction reviewed. Our results suggest that language can be influenced by others, even in an asynchronous environment with little to no interpersonal interaction. In other words, our behaviors may be susceptible to manipulation in social media; it may not always be the case that we write like ourselves.

[43]Julio Reis,Pollyanna Goncalves,Pedro Olmo et al.Magnet News: You Choose the Polarity of What You Read[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:652-653.
机构:UFMG;UFMG;UFMG;UFMG;UFMG
摘要:When was the last time you read a newspaper and was bombarded with articles you would rather not see? Current news media shows massive number of news every day. But from tragedies to happy stories, people might want to choose to read only those articles that fit their current mood. The purpose of this project is to present the Magnet News, a Web tool in which users can choose if they want to see positive or negative news. Our system monitors the sentiment of news from important newspapers using the SentiStrength, a sentiment method proposed by literature that has been proved to be efficient in previous analysis.

[44]Flavio Chierichetti,Jon Kleinberg,Ravi Kumar et al.Event Detection via Communication Pattern Analysis[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:51-60.
机构:Sapienza University;Cornell University;Google, Inc.;Google, Inc.;Twitter, Inc.
摘要:Social media applications such as Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations with friends and with the world at large. We have witnessed live reporting of many events, from soccer games in Johannesburg to revolutions in Cairo and Tunis, and these reports have in many ways rivaled the content provided by the official media. Tapping into this valuable resource is a challenge, due to the heterogeneity and noise inherent in real-time text, diversity of languages, and fast-evolving linguistic norms. In this paper we seek to analyze a tweet stream to automatically discover points in time when an important event happens, and to classify such events based on the type of the sentiments they evoke, using only non-textual features of the tweeting pattern. This results not only in a robust way of analyzing tweet streams independent of the languages used; it also provides insights about how users behave on social media websites. For example, we observe that users often react to an exciting external event by decreasing the volume of communication with other users. We explain this effect through a model of how users switch between producing information or sentiments and sharing others' news or sentiments. We develop and evaluate our models and algorithms using several Twitter data sets, focusing in particular on the tweets sent during the soccer World Cup of 2010. This data set has the feature that the underlying ground truth is well-defined and known whereby goals serve as events.

[45]Reza Zafarani,Huan Liu.Users Joining Multiple Sites: Distributions and Patterns[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:635-638.
机构:Computer Science and Engineering, Arizona State University;Computer Science and Engineering, Arizona State University
摘要:The rise of social media has led to an explosion in the number of possible sites users can join. However, this same profusion of social media sites has made it nearly impossible for users to actively engage in all of them simultaneously. Accordingly, users must make choices about which sites to use or to neglect. In this paper, we study users that have joined multiple sites. We study how individuals are distributed across sites, the way they select sites to join, and behavioral patterns they exhibit while selecting sites. Our study demonstrates that while users have a tendency to join the most popular or trendiest sites, this does not fully explain users' selections. We demonstrate that peer pressure also influences the decisions users make about joining emerging sites.

[46]Jun-Ming Xu,Hsun-Chih Huang,Amy Bellmore et al.School Bullying in Twitter and Weibo: A Comparative Study[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:631-634.
机构:Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison;Department of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison;Department of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison;Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison
摘要:School-based bullying is a serious health issue among adolescents world wide. We identify several differences in microblogs of school-based bullying between Twitter (mostly representing the USA) and Weibo (mostly representing China). First, we see a smaller fraction of victim authors in Weibo than in Twitter. We hypothesize that this may be due to Asian culture's emphasis on saving face where it is more of a taboo to be a victim or label someone a victim. Second, we see different temporal dynamics of school bullying posts due to differences in holidays and length of school days. Finally, bullying posts from Weibo contain more mentions of family than those from Twitter. This may be due to the greater emphasis on family in Asian cultures.

[47]Christopher Wienberg,Andrew S. Gordon.Privacy Considerations for Public Storytelling[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:627-630.
机构:Institute for Creative Technologies, University of Southern California;Institute for Creative Technologies, University of Southern California
摘要:The popularity of the web and social media have afforded researchers unparalleled access to content about the daily lives of people. Human research ethics guidelines, while actively expanding to meet the new challenges posed by web research, still rely on offline principles of interaction that are a poor fit to modern technology. In this context, we present a study of the identifiability of authors of socially sensitive content. With the goal of identity obfuscation, we compare this to the identifiability of the same content translated to and then back from a foreign language, focusing on how easily a person could locate the original source of the content. We discuss the risk to these authors presented by dissemination of their content, and consider the implications for research ethics guidelines.

[48]David Garcia,Ingmar Weber,Venkata Rama Kiran Garimella et al.Gender Asymmetries in Reality and Fiction: The Bechdel Test of Social Media[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:131-140.
机构:ETH Zurich;Qatar Computing Research Institute;Qatar Computing Research Institute
摘要:The subjective nature of gender inequality motivates the analysis and comparison of data from real and fictional human interaction. We present a computational extension of the Bechdel test: A popular tool to assess if a movie contains a male gender bias, by looking for two female characters who discuss about something besides a man. We provide the tools to quantify Bechdel scores for both genders, and we measure them in movie scripts and large datasets of dialogues between users of MySpace and Twitter. Comparing movies and users of social media, we find that movies and Twitter conversations have a consistent male bias, which does not appear when analyzing MySpace. Furthermore, the narrative of Twitter is closer to the movies that do not pass the Bechdel test than to those that pass it. We link the properties of movies and the users that share trailers of those movies. Our analysis reveals some particularities of movies that pass the Bechdel test: Their trailers are less popular, female users are more likely to share them than male users, and users that share them tend to interact less with male users. Based on our datasets, we define gender independence measurements to analyze the gender biases of a society, as manifested through digital traces of online behavior. Using the profile information of Twitter users, we find larger gender independence for urban users in comparison to rural ones. Additionally, the asymmetry between genders is larger for parents and lower for students. Gender asymmetry varies across US states, increasing with higher average income and latitude. This points to the relation between gender inequality and social, economical, and cultural factors of a society, and how gender roles exist in both fictional narratives and public online dialogues.

[49]Nicholas Diakopoulos,Amy X. Zhang,Dag Elgesem et al.Identifying and Analyzing Moral Evaluation Frames in Climate Change Blog Discourse[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:583-586.
机构:Columbia University;MIT CSAIL;University of Bergen;Uni Research
摘要:Media frames define distinctive perspectives or ways of communicating about issues and can be manifested through patterns of language use, such as preferences for various key terms and phrases. In this work we develop a novel operationalization of moral evaluation frames and study their use within a corpus ofblogs discussing climate change. We compare moral evaluation frames between blogs marked as climate change skeptics and climate change acceptors. We develop a text visualization tool called Lingoscope that allows the user to observe and filter the contextual terms that convey moral framing across large volumes of text, as well as to drill down to specific examples. By focusing on climate-related topics and how they are discussed by climate change skeptics versus climate change acceptors, our approach uncovers and explores how numerous topics are framed in a different moral light in skeptical and acceptor blogs.

[50]Farshad Kooti,Nathan O. Hodas,Kristina Lerman et al.Network Weirdness: Exploring the Origins of Network Paradoxes[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:266-274.
机构:USC Information Sciences Institute;USC Information Sciences Institute;USC Information Sciences Institute
摘要:Social networks have many counter-intuitive properties, including the "friendship paradox" that states, on average, your friends have more friends than you do. Recently, a variety of other paradoxes were demonstrated in online social networks. This paper explores the origins of these network paradoxes. Specifically, we ask whether they arise from mathematical properties of the networks or whether they have a behavioral origin. We show that sampling from heavy-tailed distributions always gives rise to a paradox in the mean, but not the median. We propose a strong form of network paradoxes, based on utilizing the median, and validate it empirically using data from two online social networks. Specifically, we show that for any user the majority of user's friends and followers have more friends, followers, etc. than the user, and that this cannot be explained by statistical properties of sampling. Next, we explore the behavioral origins of the paradoxes by using the shuffle test to remove correlations between node degrees and attributes. We find that paradoxes for the mean persist in the shuffled network, but not for the median. We demonstrate that strong paradoxes arise due to the assortativity of user attributes, including degree, and correlation between degree and attribute.

[51]Eduardo Ruiz,Vagelis Hristidis,Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis et al.Efficient Filtering on Hidden Document Streams[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:446-455.
机构:University of California-Riverside;University of California-Riverside;New York University
摘要:Many online services like Twitter and GNIP offer streaming programming interfaces that allow real-time information filtering based on keyword or other conditions. However, all these services specify strict access constraints, or charge a cost based on the usage. We refer to such streams as "hidden streams" to draw a parallel to the well-studied hidden Web, which similarly restricts access to the contents of a database through a querying interface. At the same time, the users' interest is often captured by complex classification models that, implicitly or explicitly, specify hundreds of keyword-based rules, along with the rules' accuracies. In this paper, we study how to best utilize a constrained streaming access interface to maximize the number of retrieved relevant items, with respect to a classifier, expressed as a set of rules. We consider two problem variants. The static version assumes that the popularity of the keywords is known and constant across time. The dynamic version lifts this assumption, and can be viewed as an exploration-vs,-exploitation problem. We show that both problems are NP-hard, and propose exact and bounded approximation algorithms for various settings, including various access constraint types. We experimentally evaluate our algorithms on real Twitter data.

[52]Soo Young Rieh,Grace YoungJoo Jeon,Ji Yeon Yang et al.Audience-Aware Credibility: From Understanding Audience to Establishing Credible Blogs[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:436-445.
机构:School of Information, University of Michigan;School of Information, University of Michigan;School of Information, University of Michigan;School of Information, University of Michigan
摘要:This study examines how bloggers establish and enhance the credibility of their blogs through a series of blogging practices. Based on an analysis of interviews with 22 independent bloggers who blog on a range of topics, we present audience-aware credibility as a theoretical construct. Audience-aware credibility is defined as how bloggers signal their credibility based on who they think their audience is and how they provide value to that perceived audience. The analysis of bloggers' credibility constructs, conceptualizations of audience, and perceived blog value identified four types of bloggers who constructed audience-aware credibility in distinctive ways: Community Builder, Expertise Provider, Topic Synthesizer, and Information Filterer. We then report on these bloggers' blogging practices for establishing credibility and strategies for interacting with their audience to enhance credibility. The contributions of this study are to expand credibility constructs for social media research and to demonstrate the role of credibility perceptions in content contributors' online activities. The findings reveal that a multi-dimensional construct of audience-aware credibility serves as a driving factor influencing and shaping blogging practices of all four types of bloggers.

[53]Glen Coppersmith,Craig Harman,Mark Dredze et al.Measuring Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in Twitter[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:579-582.
机构:Human Language Technology Center of Excellence, Johns Hopkins University;Human Language Technology Center of Excellence, Johns Hopkins University;Human Language Technology Center of Excellence, Johns Hopkins University
摘要:Traditional mental health studies rely on information primarily collected through personal contact with a health care professional. Recent work has shown the utility of social media data for studying depression, but there have been limited evaluations of other mental health conditions. We consider post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a serious condition that affects millions worldwide, with especially high rates in military veterans. We also present a novel method to obtain a PTSD classifier for social media using simple searches of available Twitter data, a significant reduction in training data cost compared to previous work. We demonstrate its utility by examining differences in language use between PTSD and random individuals, building classifiers to separate these two groups and by detecting elevated rates of PTSD at and around U.S. military bases using our classifiers.

[54]Florian Meier,David Elsweiler,Max L. Wilson et al.More than Liking and Bookmarking? Towards Understanding Twitter Favouriting Behaviour[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:346-355.
机构:Chair for Information Science, University of Regensburg;Chair for Information Science, University of Regensburg;Mixed Reality Lab, University of Nottingham
摘要:Microblogging services, such as Twitter, offer a variety of interactive features that allow users to engage with contacts in their social network and the content they produce. One such feature is the favourite button on Twitter, an icon in the form of a star that users can click on to assign a special status to a particular tweet. Despite evidence suggesting that users increasingly make use of favouriting, little is known about the reasons people have for favouriting or the utility the feature offers. This contrasts with other core features, such as "following" and "retweeting", which have been studied extensively. In this paper we argue that by investigating the motivations for favouriting tweets we can enhance our understanding of what people want to achieve with Twitter and the types of content users find interesting or useful. With these goals in mind we conducted a large-scale survey (n=606), questioning Twitter users on various aspects of their favouriting behaviour. Of these users only 395 were aware of the function and 290 make use of the functionality. The survey responses from these users demonstrate that motives for favouriting tweets are extremely heterogeneous and not always consistent within and between users. Moreover, our findings reveal that user needs when favouriting such as the need for re-finding a tweet or the wish for a more private conversation are often poorly supported and sometimes even go unmet by the Twitter user interface.

[55]Funda Kivran-Swaine,Jeremy Ting,Jed R. Brubaker et al.Understanding Loneliness in Social Awareness Streams: Expressions and Responses[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:256-265.
机构:Rutgers University;Rutgers University;University of California;Rutgers University;Cornell Tech
摘要:We studied the experience of loneliness as communicated by thousands of people on Twitter. Using a data set of public Twitter posts containing explicit expressions of loneliness, we qualitatively developed a categorization scheme for these expressions, showing how the context of loneliness expressed on Twitter relates to existing theories about loneliness. A quantitative analysis of the data exposed categories and patterns in communication practices around loneliness. For example, users expressing more severe, enduring loneliness are more likely to be female, and less likely to include requests for social interaction in their tweets. Further, we studied the responses to expressions of loneliness in Twitter's social settings. Deriving from the same dataset, we examined factors that correlate with the existence and type of response, showing, for example, that men were more likely to receive responses to lonely tweets, and expressions of enduring loneliness are critically less likely to receive responses.

[56]V. G. Vinod Vydiswaran,Yang Liu,Kai Zheng et al.User-Created Groups in Health Forums: What Makes Them Special?[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:515-524.
机构:School of Information, University of Michigan;School of Information, University of Michigan;School of Public Health, Department of Health Management and Policy, University of Michigan;Department of Pediatrics, University of Michigan;School of Information, University of Michigan
摘要:Patients and caregivers often seek help and support through online forums for their ailments. In many health forums, users can not only participate in existing, site-defined user groups but also initiate their own groups. To better understand the mechanism and usefulness of such user-created groups, we comparatively studied their characteristics against those of site-defined groups, based on an empirical dataset of over three years of user activities in health forums collected from MedHelp.org. In the study, we first derived a categorization of user-created groups according to the underlying reasons leading to their creation, and then investigated if there are significant differences between user-created and site-defined groups with respect to group member-ships, activity levels, social network metrics, and interaction patterns. The results show that users initiate morehomophily driven communities and social interactions, and that the members of user-created groups are more vocal and more socially active than those who have only participated in site-defined groups. The findings suggest that allowing users to create their own groups could improve user engagement in health forums, foster rapport among users, and ultimately lead to a cohesive social environment that supports more effective information sharing and community building.

[57]Walid Magdy,Tamer Elsayed.Adaptive Method for Following Dynamic Topics on Twitter[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:335-345.
机构:Qatar Computing Research Institute;Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Engineering, Qatar University
摘要:Many research social studies of public response on social media require following (i.e., tracking) topics on Twitter for long periods of time. The current approaches rely on streaming tweets based on some hashtags or keywords, or following some Twitter accounts. Such approaches lead to limited coverage of on-topic tweets. In this paper, we introduce a novel technique for following such topics in a more effective way. A topic is defined as a set of well-prepared queries that cover the static side of the topic. We propose an automatic approach that adapts to emerging aspects of a tracked broad topic over time. We tested our tracking approach on three broad dynamic topics that are hot in different categories: Egyptian politics, Syrian conflict, and international sports. We measured the effectiveness of our approach over four full days spanning a period of four months to ensure consistency in effectiveness. Experimental results showed that, on average, our approach achieved over 100% increase in recall relative to the baseline Boolean approach, while maintaining an acceptable precision of 83%.

[58]Desislava Hristova,Mirco Musolesi,Cecilia Mascolo et al.Keep Your Friends Close and Your Facebook Friends Closer: A Multiplex Network Approach to the Analysis of Offline and Online Social Ties[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:206-215.
机构:Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham;Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge
摘要:Social media allow for an unprecedented amount of interaction between people online. A fundamental aspect of human social behavior, however, is the tendency of people to associate themselves with like-minded individuals, forming homogeneous social circles both online and offline. In this work, we apply a new model that allows us to distinguish between social ties of varying strength, and to observe evidence of homophily with regards to politics, music, health, residential sector &amp;amp; year in college, within the online and offline social network of 74 college students. We present a multiplex network approach to social tie strength, here applied to mobile communication data - calls, text messages, and co-location, allowing us to dimensionally identify relationships by considering the number of communication channels utilized between students. We find that strong social ties are characterized by maximal use of communication channels, while weak ties by minimal use. We are able to identify 75% of close friendships, 90% of weaker ties, and 90% of Facebook friendships as compared to reported ground truth. We then show that stronger ties exhibit greater profile similarity than weaker ones. Apart from high homogeneity in social circles with respect to political and health aspects, we observe strong homophily driven by music, residential sector and year in college. Despite Facebook friendship being highly dependent on residence and year, exposure to less homogeneous content can be found in the online rather than the offline social circles of students, most notably in political and music aspects.

[59]Tim Althoff,Cristian Danescu-Niculescu-Mizil,Dan Jurafsky et al.How to Ask for a Favor: A Case Study on the Success of Altruistic Requests[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:12-21.
机构:Stanford University;Max Planck Institute SWS;Stanford University
摘要:Requests are at the core of many social media systems such as question &amp;amp; answer sites and online philanthropy communities. While the success of such requests is critical to the success of the community, the factors that lead community members to satisfy a request are largely unknown. Success of a request depends on factors like who is asking, how they are asking, when are they asking, and most critically what is being requested, ranging from small favors to substantial monetary donations. We present a case study of altruistic requests in an online community where all requests ask for the very same contribution and do not offer anything tangible in return, allowing us to disentangle what is requested from textual and social factors. Drawing from social psychology literature, we extract high-level social features from text that operationalize social relations between recipient and donor and demonstrate that these extracted relations are predictive of success. More specifically, we find that clearly communicating need through the narrative is essential and that linguistic indications of gratitude, evidentiality, and generalized reciprocity, as well as high status of the asker further increase the likelihood of success. Building on this understanding, we develop a model that can predict the success of unseen requests, significantly improving over several baselines. We link these findings to research in psychology on helping behavior, providing a basis for further analysis of success in social media systems.

[60]Emre Kiciman,Scott Counts,Michael Gamon et al.Discussion Graphs: Putting Social Media Analysis in Context[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:246-255.
机构:Microsoft Research;Microsoft Research;Microsoft Research;School of Interactive Computing, Georgia Tech;Dept. of Computer Science, Aalborg University
摘要:Much research has focused on studying complex phenomena through their reflection in social media, from drawing neighborhood boundaries to inferring relationships between medicines and diseases. While it is generally recognized in the social sciences that such studies should be conditioned on gender, time and other confounding factors, few of the studies that attempt to extract information from social media actually condition on such factors due to the difficulty in extracting these factors from naturalistic data and the added complexity of including them in analyses. In this paper, we present a simple framework for specifying and implementing common social media analyses that makes it trivial to inspect and condition on contextual information. Our data model-discussion graphs-captures both the structural features of relationships inferred from social media as well as the context of the discussions from which they are derived, such as who is participating in the discussions, when and where the discussions are occurring, and what else is being discussed in conjunction. We implement our framework in a tool called DGT, and present case studies on its use. In particular, we show how analyses of neighborhoods and their boundaries based on geo-located social media data can have drastically varying results when conditioned on gender and time.

[61]Renato Kempter,Valentina Sintsova,Claudiu Musat et al.EmotionWatch: Visualizing Fine-Grained Emotions in Event-Related Tweets[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:236-245.
机构:School of Computer and Communication Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL);School of Computer and Communication Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL);School of Computer and Communication Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL);School of Computer and Communication Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)
摘要:Spectators are increasingly using social platforms to express their opinions and share their emotions during big public events. Those reactions reveal the subjective perception of the event and extend its understanding. This has motivated us to develop a system to explore and visualize volume, patterns, and trends of user sentiments as they evolve over time. Previous work in sentiment analysis and opinion mining has addressed these issues. But the majority of them distinguish only two polarity categories, leaving a more detailed and insightful analysis to be desired. In this paper, we suggest using a fine-grained, multi-category emotion model to classify and visualize users' emotional reactions in public events. We describe EmotionWatch, a tool that constructs visual summaries of public emotions, and apply it to the 2012 Olympics as a test case. We report findings from a user study evaluating the usability of the tool and validating the emotion model. Results show that users prefer a more detailed inspection of public emotions over the simplified analysis. Despite its complexity, users were able to effectively grasp, understand, and interpret the emotional reactions using EmotionWatch. The same user study also pointed out few design improvements for the future development of analogous systems.

[62]Brent Hecht,Monica Stephens.A Tale of Cities: Urban Biases in Volunteered Geographic Information[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:197-205.
机构:Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Minnesota;Department of Geography, University at Buffalo, State University of New York
摘要:Geotagged tweets, Foursquare check-ins and other forms of volunteered geographic information (VGI) play a critical role in numerous studies and a large range of intelligent technologies. We show that three of the most commonly used sources of VGI - Twitter, Flickr, and Foursquare - are biased towards urban perspectives at the expense of rural ones. Utilizing a geostatistics-based approach, we demonstrate that, on a per capita basis, these important VGI datasets have more users, more information, and higher quality information within metropolitan areas than outside of them. VGI is a subset of user-generated content (UGC) and we discuss how our results suggest that urban biases might exist in non-geographically referenced UGC as well. Finally, because Foursquare is exclusively made up of VGI, we argue that Foursquare (and possibly other location-based social networks) has fundamentally failed to appeal to rural populations.

[63]Lilian Weng,Thomas Lento.Topic-Based Clusters in Egocentric Networks on Facebook[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:623-626.
机构:School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University Bloomington;Facebook
摘要:Homophily suggests that people tend to befriend others with shared traits, such as similar topical interests or overlapping social circles. We study how people communicate online in term of conversation topics from an egocentric viewpoint using a dataset from Facebook. We find that friends who favor similar topics form topic-based clusters; these clusters have dense connectivities, large growth rates, and little overlap.

[64]Wenbo Wang,Lei Duan,Anirudh Koul et al.YouRank: Let User Engagement Rank Microblog Search Results[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:619-622.
机构:Kno.e.sis Center, Wright State University;Microsoft Corp.;Microsoft Corp.;Kno.e.sis Center, Wright State University
摘要:We propose an approach for ranking microblog search results. The basic idea is to leverage user engagement for the purpose of ranking: if a microblog post received many retweets/replies, this means users find it important and it should be ranked higher. However, simply applying the raw count of engagement may bias the ranking by favoring posts from celebrity users whose posts generally receive a disproportionate amount of engagement regardless of the contents of posts. To reduce this bias, we propose a variety of time window-based outlier features that transfer the raw engagement count into an importance score, on a per user basis. The evaluation on five real-world datasets confirms that the proposed approach can be used to improve microblog search.

[65]Volodymyr Floreskul,Konstantin Tretyakov,Marlon Dumas et al.Memory-Efficient Fast Shortest Path Estimation in Large Social Networks[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:91-100.
机构:Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu;Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu;Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu
摘要:As the sizes of contemporary social networks surpass billions of users, so grows the need for fast graph algorithms to analyze them. A particularly important basic operation is the computation of shortest paths between nodes. Classical exact algorithms for this problem are prohibitively slow on large graphs, which motivates the development of approximate methods. Of those, landmark-based methods have been actively studied in recent years. Landmark-based estimation methods start by picking a fixed set of landmark nodes, precomputing the distance from each node in the graph to each landmark, and storing the precomputed distances in a data structure. Prior work has shown that the number of landmarks required to achieve a given level of precision grows with the size of the graph. Simultaneously, the size of the data structure is proportional to the product of the size of the graph and the number of landmarks. In this work we propose an alternative landmark-based distance estimation approach that substantially reduces space requirements by means of pruning: computing distances from each node to only a small subset of the closest land-marks. We evaluate our method on the DBLP, Orkut, Twitter and Skype social networks and demonstrate that the resulting estimation algorithms are comparable in query time and potentially superior in approximation quality to equivalent non-pruned landmark-based methods, while requiring less memory or disk space.

[66]Francine Chen,Seyed Hamid Mirisaee.Do Topic-Dependent Models Improve Microblog Sentiment Estimation?[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:575-578.
机构:FX Palo Alto Laboratory;Universite Joseph Fourier
摘要:A topic-independent sentiment model is commonly used to estimate sentiment in microblogs. But for movie and product reviews, domain adaptation has been shown to improve sentiment estimation performance. We examined whether topic-dependent models improve polarity estimation of microblogs. We considered both a model trained on Twitter tweets containing a target keyword and a model trained on an enlarged set of tweets containing terms related to a topic. Comparing the performance of the topic-dependent models to a topic-independent model trained on a general sample of tweets, we noted that for some topics, topic-dependent models performed better. We then propose a method for predicting which topics are likely to have better sentiment estimation performance when a topic-dependent sentiment model is used.

[67]Zeynep Tufekci.Big Questions for Social Media Big Data: Representativeness, Validity and Other Methodological Pitfalls[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:505-514.
机构:University of North Carolina
摘要:Large-scale databases of human activity in social media have captured scientific and policy attention, producing a flood of research and discussion. This paper considers methodological and conceptual challenges for this emergent field, with special attention to the validity and representativeness of social media big data analyses. Persistent issues include the over-emphasis of a single platform, Twitter, sampling biases arising from selection by hashtags, and vague and unrepresentative sampling frames. The socio-cultural complexity of user behavior aimed at algorithmic invisibility (such as subtweeting, mock-retweeting, use of "screen captures" for text, etc.) further complicate interpretation of big data social media. Other challenges include accounting for field effects, i.e. broadly consequential events that do not diffuse only through the network under study but affect the whole society. The application of network methods from other fields to the study of human social activity may not always be appropriate. The paper concludes with a call to action on practical steps to improve our analytic capacity in this promising, rapidly-growing field.

[68]Catalina L. Toma.Counting on Friends: Cues to Perceived Trustworthiness in Facebook Profiles[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:495-504.
机构:University of Wisconsin Madison
摘要:Personal profiles on social network sites have become an important tool for social evaluation that is, assessing pro file owners' characteristics (e.g., personality traits, narcis sism, physical and social attractiveness). The present study is one of the first to examine how users' trustworthiness is evaluated by naive observers based on information con tained in Facebook profiles, or profile cues. Drawing on un certainty reduction theory, warranting theory, and hardwired perceptions of facial displays, we propose a framework that identifies cues associated with trustworthiness in Facebook profiles. Results show that six profile cues (number of friends, number of tagged photographs, number of "about me" categories filled out, number of comments and "likes" received from friends, and smiling profile photographs) ex plained about a third of the variance in Facebook users' per ceived trustworthiness. Number of friends had a curvilinear, U shaped effect on trustworthiness perceptions, with an in flection point at about 500 friends. That is, trustworthiness decreased as number of friends increased up to 500, and then trustworthiness increased as number of friends in creased beyond 500. Theoretical and design implications of the findings are discussed.

[69]Minsoo Choy,Jae-Gil Lee,Gahgene Gweon et al.Glaucus: Exploiting the Wisdom of Crowds for Location-Based Queries in Mobile Environments[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:61-70.
机构:Department of Knowledge Service Engineering, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST);Department of Knowledge Service Engineering, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST);Department of Knowledge Service Engineering, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST);Department of Knowledge Service Engineering, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)
摘要:In this paper, we build a social search engine named Glaucus for location-based queries. They compose a significant portion of mobile searches, thus becoming more popular with the prevalence of mobile devices. However, most of existing social search engines are not designed for location-based queries and thus often produce poor-quality results for such queries. Glaucus is inherently designed to support location-based queries. It collects the check-in information, which pinpoints the places where each user visited, from location-based social networking services such as Foursquare. Then, it calculates the expertise of each user for a query by using our new probabilistic model called the location aspect model. We conducted two types of evaluation to prove the effectiveness of our engine. The results showed that Glaucus selected the users supported by stronger evidence for the required expertise than existing social search engines. In addition, the answers from the experts selected by Glaucus were highly rated by our human judges in terms of answer satisfaction.

[70]Sujith Ravi,Bo Pang,Vibhor Rastogi et al.Great Question! Question Quality in Community Q&amp;amp;A[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:426-435.
机构:Google;Google;Twitter;Google
摘要:Asking the right question in the right way is an art (and a science). In a community question-answering setting, a good question is not just one that is found to be useful by other people: a question is good if it is also presented clearly and shows prior research. Using a community question-answering site that allows voting over the questions, we show that there is a notion of question quality that goes beyond mere popularity. We present techniques using latent topic models to automatically predict the quality of questions based on their content. Our best system achieves a prediction accuracy of 72%, beating out strong baselines by a significant amount. We also examine the effect of question quality on the dynamics of user behavior and the longevity of questions.

[71]Matteo Zignani,Sabrina Gaito,Gian Paolo Rossi et al.Link and Triadic Closure Delay: Temporal Metrics for Social Network Dynamics[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:564-573.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Universita degli Studi di Milano;Department of Computer Science, Universita degli Studi di Milano;Department of Computer Science, Universita degli Studi di Milano;Department of Computer Science, UC Santa Barbara;Department of Computer Science, UC Santa Barbara;Department of Computer Science, UC Santa Barbara
摘要:Today, numerous models and metrics are available to capture and characterize static properties of online social networks. When it comes to understanding their dynamics and evolution, however, research offers little in terms of metrics or models. Current metrics are limited to logical time clocks, and unable to capture interactions with external factors that rely on physical time clocks. In this paper, our goal is to take initial steps towards building a set of metrics for characterizing social network dynamics based on physical time. We focus our attention on two metrics that capture the "eagerness" of users in building social structure. More specifically, we propose metrics of link delay and triadic closure delay, two metrics that capture the time delay between when a link or triadic closure is possible, and when they actually instantiate in the trace. Considered over time or across traces, the value of these metrics can provide insight on the speed at which users act in building and extending their social neighborhoods. We apply these metrics to two real traces of social network dynamics from the Renren and Facebook networks. We show that these metrics are generally consistent across networks, but their differences reveal interesting properties of each system. We argue that they can be attributed to factors such as network maturity, environmental and social contexts, and services offered by network provider, all factors independent of the network topology and captured by our proposed metrics. Finally, we find that triadic closure delays capture the ease of neighbor discovery in social networks, and can be strongly influenced by friend recommendation systems.

[72]Minh-Duc Luu,Ee-Peng Lim,Freddy Chong Tat Chua et al.On Modeling Brand Preferences in Item Adoptions[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:325-334.
机构:Living Analytics Research Centre, School of Information Systems, Singapore Management University;Living Analytics Research Centre, School of Information Systems, Singapore Management University;Living Analytics Research Centre, School of Information Systems, Singapore Management University
摘要:In marketing and advertising, developing and managing brands value represent the core activities performed by companies. Successful brands attract buyers and adopters, which in turn increase the companies' value. Given a set of user-item adoption data, can we infer brand effects from users adopting items? To answer this question, we develop the Brand Item Topic Model (BITM) that incorporates users' brand preferences in the process of item adoption by the users. We evaluate our model using synthetic and two real world datasets against baseline models which do not consider brand effects. The results show that BITM can determine users who demonstrate brand preferences and predict item adoptions more accurately.

[73]Puneet Jain,Justin Manweiler,Arup Acharya et al.Scalable Social Analytics for Live Viral Event Prediction[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:226-235.
机构:Duke University;IBM T. J. Watson Research;IBM T. J. Watson Research;UIUC
摘要:Large-scale, predictive social analytics have proven effective. Over the last decade, research and industrial efforts have understood the potential value of inferences based on online behavior analysis, sentiment mining, influence analysis, epidemic spread, etc. The majority of these efforts, however, are not yet designed with real-time responsiveness as a first-order requirement. Typical systems perform a post-mortem analysis on volumes of historical data and validate their "predictions" against already-occurred events. We observe that in many applications, real-time predictions are critical and delays of hours (and even minutes) can reduce their utility. As examples: political campaigns could react very quickly to a scandal spreading on Facebook; content distribution networks (CDNs) could prefetch videos that are predicted to soon go viral; online advertisement campaigns can be corrected to enhance consumer reception. This paper proposes CrowdCast, a cloud-based framework to enable real-time analysis and prediction from streaming social data. As an instantiation of this framework, we tune CrowdCast to observe Twitter tweets, and predict which YouTube videos are most likely to "go viral" in the near future. To this end, CrowdCast first applies online machine learning to map natural language tweets to a specific YouTube video. Then, tweets that indeed refer to videos are weighted by the perceived "influence" of the sender. Finally, the video's spread is predicted through a sociological model, derived from the emerging structure of the graph over which the video-related tweets are (still) spreading. Combining metrics of influence and live structure, CrowdCast outputs sets of candidate videos, identified as likely to become viral in the next few hours. We monitor Twitter for more than 30 days, and find that CrowdCast's real-time predictions demonstrate encouraging correlation with actual YouTube viewership in the near future.

[74]Vineeth Rakesh,Dilpreet Singh,Bhanukiran Vinzamuri et al.Personalized Recommendation of Twitter Lists Using Content and Network Information[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:416-425.
机构:Department of Computer Science, Wayne State University;Department of Computer Science, Wayne State University;Department of Computer Science, Wayne State University;Department of Computer Science, Wayne State University
摘要:Lists in social networks have become popular tools to organize content. This paper proposes a novel framework for recommending lists to users by combining several features that jointly capture their personal interests. Our contribution is of two-fold. First, we develop a ListRec model that leverages the dynamically varying tweet content, the network of twitterers and the popularity of lists to collectively model the users' preference towards social lists. Second, we use the topical interests of users, and the list network structure to develop a novel network-based model called the LIST-PAGERANK. We use this model to recommend auxiliary lists that are more popular than the lists that are currently subscribed by the users. We evaluate our ListRec model using the Twitter dataset consisting of 2988 direct list subscriptions. Using automatic evaluation technique, we compare the performance of the ListRec model with different baseline methods and other competing approaches and show that our model delivers better precision in terms of the prediction of the subscribed lists of the twitterers. Furthermore, we also demonstrate the importance of combining different weighting schemes and their effect on capturing users' interest towards Twitter lists. To evaluate the LIST-PAGERANK model, we employ a user-study based evaluation to show that the model is effective in recommending auxiliary lists that are more authoritative than the lists subscribed by the users.

[75]Aniko Hannak,Drew Margolin,Brian Keegan et al.Get Back! You Don't Know Me Like That: The Social Mediation of Fact Checking Interventions in Twitter Conversations[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:187-196.
机构:Northeastern University;Cornell University;Northeastern University;Qatar Computing, Research Institute
摘要:The prevalence of misinformation within social media and online communities can undermine public security and distract attention from important issues. Fact-checking interventions, in which users cite fact-checking websites such as Snopes.com and FactCheck.org, are a strategy users can employ to refute false claims made by their peers. While laboratory research suggests such interventions are not effective in persuading people to abandon false ideas, little work considers how such interventions are actually deployed in real-world conversations. Using approximately 1,600 interventions observed on Twitter between 2012 and 2013, we examine the contexts and consequences of fact-checking interventions. We focus in particular on the social relationship between the individual who issues the fact-check and the individual whose facts are challenged. Our results indicate that though fact-checking interventions are most commonly issued by strangers, they are more likely to draw user attention and responses when they come from friends. Finally, we discuss implications for designing more effective interventions against misinformation.

[76]Douglas Castilho,Pedro O. S. Vaz de Melo,Daniele Quercia et al.Working with Friends: Unveiling Working Affinity Features from Facebook Data[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:32-40.
机构:CS Dept., Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG);CS Dept., Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG);Yahoo Labs;CS Dept., Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG)
摘要:College students often have to team up for class projects, and they select each other based not only on past performance (e.g., grades) but also on whether they get along (e.g., whether they trust each other). There has not been any study on the relationship between team formation for class projects and social media. To fix that, we ask a group of university students to tell us with whom they wish to work, gather their online Facebook data, and test the predictors of team formation. We find that self-organized selection of team members does not strongly depend on past grades but rather on Facebook-derived proxies for tie strength, popularity, and homophily. These results have important theoretical implications for the team formation literature and practical implications for online educational platforms.

[77]Huiji Gao,Jalal Mahmud,Jilin Chen et al.Modeling User Attitude toward Controversial Topics in Online Social Media[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:121-130.
机构:Computer Science and Engineering, Arizona State University;IBM Almaden Research Center;IBM Almaden Research Center;IBM Almaden Research Center;IBM Almaden Research Center
摘要:The increasing use of social media platforms like Twitter has attracted a large number of online users to express their attitude toward certain topics. Sentiment, opinion, and action, as three essential aspects of user attitude, have been studied separately in various existing research work. Investigating them together not only brings unique challenges but can also help better understand a user's online behavior and benefit a set of applications related to online campaign and recommender systems. In this paper, we present a computational model that estimates individual social media user's attitude toward controversial topics in terms of the three aspects and their relationships. Our model can simultaneously capture the three aspects so as to predict action and sentiment based on one's opinions. Experiments on multiple social media campaign datasets demonstrated that our attitude model can more effectively predict people's sentiment, opinion and action than approaches that treat these aspects separately.

[78]Hsun-Ping Hsieh,Cheng-Te Li.Traveling Path Recommendation Using Temporal Transit Patterns[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:648-649.
机构:Graduate Institute of Networking and Multimedia, National Taiwan University;Research Center for Information Technology, Academia Sinica
摘要:In this work, we aim to collectively recommend traveling paths by leveraging the check-in data through mining the moving behaviors of users. We call such traveling paths as Temporal Transit Patterns (TTP), which capture the representative traveling behaviors over consecutive locations, from the big check-in data. To achieve such goal, we propose a novel Temporal Transit Pattern Mining method (TTPM-method), which devises an unsupervised mechanism that automatically summarizes the representative travel patterns us guarantee better time efficiency lower and memory usage. Based on the mined TTP, a novel system, TTP-Rec, is then developed. TTP-Rec not only allows users to specify starting/end locations, but also provides the flexibility of the time constraint requirement (i.e., the expected duration of the trip). Considering a sequence of check-in points as a traveling path, we mine the frequent sequences with a ranking mechanism to achieve the goal. Our TTP-Rec targets at travelers who are unfamiliar to the objective area/city and have time limitation in the trip.

[79]Simo Tchokni,Diarmuid O. Seaghdha,Daniele Quercia et al.Emoticons and Phrases: Status Symbols in Social Media[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:485-494.
机构:The Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;The Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge;The Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge
摘要:There is a sociolinguistic interest in studying the social power dynamics that arise on online social networks and how these are reflected in their users' use of language. Online social power prediction can also be used to build tools for marketing and political campaigns that help them build an audience. Existing work has focused on finding correlations between status and linguistic features in email, Wikipedia discussions, and court hearings. While a few studies have tried predicting status on the basis of language on Twitter, they have proved less fruitful. We derive a rich set of features from literature in a variety of disciplines and build classifiers that assign Twitter users to different levels of status based on their language use. Using various metrics such as number of followers and Klout score, we achieve a classification accuracy of individual users as high as 82.4%. In a second step, we reached up to 71.6% accuracy on the task of predicting the more powerful user in a dyadic conversation. We find that the manner in which powerful users write differs from low status users in a number of different ways: not only in the extent to which they deviate from their usual writing habits when conversing with others but also in pronoun use, language complexity, sentiment expression, and emoticon use. By extending our analysis to Facebook, we also assess the generalisability of our results and discuss differences and similarities between these two sites.

[80]Vineet Gupta,Deepam Kedia,Devesh Varshney et al.Identifying Purchase Intent from Social Posts[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:180-186.
机构:Adobe Research India Labs;Indian Institute of Technology;Indian Institute of Technology;Indian Institute of Technology;Indian Institute of Technology
摘要:In present times, social forums such as Quora and Yahoo! Answers2 constitute powerful media through which people discuss on a variety of topics and express their intentions and thoughts. Here they often reveal their potential intent to purchase - 'Purchase Intent' (PI). A purchase intent is defined as a text expression showing a desire to purchase a product or a service in future. Extracting posts having PI from a user's social posts gives huge opportunities towards web personalization, targeted marketing and improving community observing systems. In this paper, we explore the novel problem of detecting PIs from social posts and classifying them. We find that using linguistic features along with statistical features of PI expressions achieves a significant improvement in PI classification over 'bag-of-words' based features used in many present day social-media classification tasks. Our approach takes into consideration the specifics of social posts like limited contextual information, incorrect grammar, language ambiguities, etc. by extracting features at two different levels of text granularity - word and phrase based features and grammatical dependency based features. Apart from these, the patterns observed in PI posts help us to identify some specific features.

[81]Aurora C. Schmidt,Clay Fink,Nathan D. Bos et al.Topical Engagement on Twitter: Using Consistency of Activity as a Means of User Segmentation[C].//Proceedings of the eighth international AAAI conference on weblogs and social media: ICWSM 2014, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, 1-4 June 2014.2014:615-618.
机构:The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory;The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory;The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
摘要:In this paper we introduce a measure for the consistency of Twitter user behavior as a way of measuring engagement with a topic. Using this measure of topical engagement, we filter tweets collected from over 90,000 Nigerian users over a three-year period concerning that country's head of state, President Goodluck Jonathan. We show that this measure effectively identifies a small set of highly engaged users that produce a disproportionate amount of activity, both in tweet volume and mentions of other users. Additionally, we show preferential within-group activity, with these users disproportionately mentioning other highly engaged users. Lastly, we show the potential of using changes in the percentage of engaged users within the overall user set for gauging the significance of events that occurred in Nigeria over the 2011 to early 2013 period.

[82]Masoumeh Izadi,Katia Charland,David Buckeridge et al.Using Dynamic Bayesian Networks for Incorporating Non-Traditional Data Sources in Public Health Surveillance[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:4-9.
机构:Clinical and Health Informatics Research Group McGill University;Clinical and Health Informatics Research Group McGill University;Clinical and Health Informatics Research Group McGill University
摘要:It is generally challenging to obtain the exact disease prevalence, as the true cases of a disease in the population level are not easy to identify. Available and relevant data sources such as administrative or clinical health data are used in public health surveillance as a proxy to estimate the disease prevalence. Traditionally, these data sources span through healthcare utilization information such as emergency department visits, pharmacy drug sales, or laboratory test orders. In addition to incompleteness, these data sources are not usually available in a timely manner. Timeliness is an important factor for prevalence estimation for some conditions such as infectious diseases, especially at the time of an epidemic. For instance, in an influenza pandemic such estimates must be obtained within a day or two. In recent years several non-clinical and non-traditional data sources have been introduced to public health with the potentials to provide signals on a disease rate or to provide a feedback on the trends of a disease. Ideally, combining these new sources with the ones routinely used should help to identify disease cases more efficiently. However, building a construct capable of incorporating data from these various sources in a coherent manner is not trivial. In this research, we consider the case of H1N1 pandemic as the infectious disease of interest and we use media reports of deaths from H1N1 on the web as a non traditional data source. We propose to use dynamic Bayesian networks from the class of probabilistic graphical models in order to combine this new data source with traditional ones through exploration of the possible probabilistic relationships between these data streams. This is an initial step towards building a framework that can potentially support aggregation of heterogeneous data for a real-time estimation of a disease prevalence. Our preliminary results show that the proposed model generalizes well.

[83]Mi Zhang,Christopher C. Yang.Classification of Online Health Discussions with Text and Health Feature Sets[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:24-31.
机构:College of Computing and Informatics, Drexel University;College of Computing and Informatics, Drexel University
摘要:Nowadays, many health groups and forums are established on the Internet, where health consumers discuss health issues and interact with each other. Although there is a large amount of user generated content about healthcare on different social media sites, few studies have applied data mining or artificial intelligence techniques for knowledge discovery on a large scale of data in this particular emerging area. In online health forums, it is difficult for users to find relevant topics or peers due to the large amount of information. Traditional recommendation systems may not work well for health online forums, because health consumers have different intentions of participation or may be interest in different types of supports even if the content matches their interest. To help solving this problem, we apply Naive Bayes methods in this study to classify posts and comments on QuitStop forum, which is an online community for smoking cessation intervention. Classifiers are built on different text features and health features of user quit status. Two different classification tasks are investigated: (1) classification of user intentions, and (2) classification of types of social support exchanged in interactions. We developed classifiers for posts and comments separately, and conducted experiments to compare classifiers with different text and health feature sets. It is found that using thread title or post content can achieve the highest classification accuracy on both posts and comments for user intention classification with text features. On the other hand, using the content of post or comment itself performs the best for the classification of social support types. In particular for the post, integrating health features of the post author can boost the text classifications of user intention and support type. However, user health features cannot help in improving text classifiers for the comments.

[84]Mark Dredze,Renyuan Cheng,Michael J. Paul et al.HealthTweets.org: A Platform for Public Health Surveillance Using Twitter[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:2-3.
机构:Human Language Technology Center of Excellence, Johns Hopkins University;Department of Computer Science, Johns Hopkins University;Department of Computer Science, Johns Hopkins University;Department of Engineering Management and Systems Engineering The George Washington University
摘要:In recent years, tools for mining social media and Web data have yielded tremendous advances in public health capabilities. One area that has received considerable attention is infectious disease surveillance, with a focus on influenza (Collier 2012; Culotta 2010; Eiji Aramaki and Morita 2011; Paul and Dredze 2011b). Studies have validated the use of Twitter for influenza surveillance, with mined trends closely tracking public health agency data. e.g., the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Trends are produced in real time, up to two weeks before CDC influenza reports. A gap remains between these promising results and utilization by public health officials, who lack the requisite technology and resources to produce similar trends. Several commercial websites offer services, including influenza surveillance and other health trends using social media, such as MappyHealth, Crowdbreaks, and Sickweather. However, these sites are not focused on new methods research, which could yield capabilities in new areas. Other sites, such as HealthMap.org (Freifeld et al. 2008), Flu Near You (Chunara et al. 2013), and Columbia's Influenza forecasts (Shaman et al. 2013) do not focus on social media data. Despite these excellent resources, a gap remains for delivering the latest research on public health and social media. We present HealthTweets.org, a new platform for sharing the latest research results on Twitter data with researchers and public officials. In this demo paper, we describe data collection, processing, and features of the site. The goal of this service is to transition results from research to practice.

[85]Shiliang Wang,Michael J. Paul,Mark Dredze et al.Exploring Health Topics in Chinese Social Media: An Analysis of Sina Weibo[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:20-23.
机构:Dept. of Computer Science and Human Language Technology Center of Excellence Johns Hopkins University;Dept. of Computer Science and Human Language Technology Center of Excellence Johns Hopkins University;Dept. of Computer Science and Human Language Technology Center of Excellence Johns Hopkins University
摘要:This paper seeks to identify and characterize health-related topics discussed on the Chinese microblogging website, Sina Weibo. We identified nearly 1 million messages containing health-related keywords, filtered from a dataset of 93 million messages spanning five years. We applied probabilistic topic models to this dataset and identified the prominent health topics. We show that a variety of health topics are discussed in Sina Weibo, and that four flu-related topics are correlated with monthly influenza case rates in China.

[86]Vandana Srivastava,Biplav Srivastava.Towards Timely Public Health Decisions to Tackle Seasonal Diseases With Open Government Data[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:14-19.
机构:Freelance Analyst;IBM Research – India
摘要:Improving public health is a major responsibility of any government, and is of major interest to citizens and scientific communities around the world. Here, one sees two extremes. On one hand, tremendous progress has been made in recent years in the understanding of causes, spread and remedies of common and regularly occurring diseases like Dengue, Malaria and Japanese Encephalistis (JE). On the other hand, public agencies treat these diseases in an ad hoc manner without learning from the experiences of previous years. Specifically, they would get alerted once reported cases have already arisen substantially in the known disease season, reactively initiate a few actions and then document the disease impact (cases, deaths) for that period, only to forget this learning in the next season. However, they miss the opportunity to reduce preventable deaths and sickness, and their corresponding economic impact, which scientific progress could have enabled. The gap is universal but very prominent in developing countries like India. In this paper, we show that if public agencies provide historical disease impact information openly, it can be analyzed with statistical and machine learning techniques, correlated with best emerging practices in disease control, and simulated in a setting to optimize social benefits to provide timely guidance for new disease seasons and regions. We illustrate using open data for mosquito-borne communicable diseases; published results in public health on efficacy of Dengue control methods and apply it on a simulated typical city for maximal benefits with available resources. The exercise helps us further suggest strategies for new regions that may be anywhere in the world, how data could be better recorded by city agencies and what prevention methods should medical community focus on for wider impact.

[87]Niklas Meinzer,Sabine Storandt.Decision Support in Emergency Medical Systems: New Strategies for Dynamic Ambulance Allocation[C].//World wide web and public health intelligence: Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 28, 2014.2014:10-13.
机构:Albert-Ludwigs-Univeristat Freiburg Institut fur Informatik;Albert-Ludwigs-Univeristat Freiburg Institut fur Informatik
摘要:Most countries have implemented some form of Emergency Medical Services (EMS) in order to help people with urgent medical needs. Typically a number of ambulances serve a specific geographic region. Since the number of ambulances is limited and emergency calls need to be responded to quickly by nature, EMSs have to be thoroughly managed and coordinated, which is conventionally done by operators in special call centres. In this paper, we model this task and compare different strategies which could be employed by a completely automatic ambulance fleet management system or used as decision support tool for operators. We show that continuous optimization of ambulance distribution over the region and dynamic reassignment of ambulances to incoming requests can benefit both the patients and economically the provider of the EMS.

[88]Peter Z. Yeh,Adwait Ratnaparkhi.Mining Large-Scale Knowledge Graphs to Discover Inference Paths for Query Expansion in NLIDB[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:61-66.
机构:AI &amp;amp;NL Research Nuance Communications;AI &amp;amp;NL Research Nuance Communications
摘要:In this paper, we present an approach to mine large-scale knowledge graphs to discover inference paths for query expansion in NLIDB (Natural Language Interface to Databases). Addressing this problem is important in order for NLIDB applications to effectively handle relevant concepts in the domain of interest that do not correspond to any structured fields in the target database. We also present preliminary observations on the performance of our approach applied to Freebase, and conclude with discussions on next steps to further evaluate and extend our approach.

[89]Gyula Voros,Peter Rabi,Balazs Pinter et al.Recommending Missing Symbols of Augmentative and Alternative Communication by Means of Explicit Semantic Analysis[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:53-60.
机构:Faculty of Informatics, Eotvos Lorand University;Faculty of Informatics, Eotvos Lorand University;Faculty of Informatics, Eotvos Lorand University;Faculty of Informatics, Eotvos Lorand University;German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence;Faculty of Informatics, Eotvos Lorand University
摘要:For people constrained to picture based communication, the expression of interest in a question answering (QA) or information retrieval (IR) scenario is highly limited. Traditionally, alternative and augmentative communication (AAC) methods (such as gestures and communication boards) are utilised. But only few systems allow users to produce whole utterances or sentences that consist of multiple words; work to generate them automatically is a promising direction in the big data context. In this paper, we provide a dedicated access method for the open-domain QA and IR context. We propose a method for the user to search for additional symbols to be added to the communication board in real-time while using access to big data sources and context based filtering when the desired symbol is missing. The user can select a symbol that is associated with the desired concept and the system searches for images on the Internet - here, in Wikipedia - with the purpose of retrieving an appropriate symbol or picture. Querying for candidates is performed by estimating semantic relatedness between text fragments using explicit semantic analysis (ESA).

[90]Malte Sander,Ulli Waltinger,Mikhail Roshchin et al.Ontology-Based Translation of Natural Language Queries to SPARQL[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:42-48.
机构:Siemens Corporate Technology;Siemens Corporate Technology;Siemens Corporate Technology;Siemens Corporate Technology
摘要:We present an implemented approach to transform natural language sentences into SPARQL, using background knowledge from ontologies and lexicons. Therefore, eligible technologies and data storage possibilities are analyzed and evaluated. The contributions of this paper are twofold. Firstly, we describe the motivation and current needs for a natural language access to industry data. We describe several scenarios where the proposed solution is required. Resulting in an architectural approach based on automatic SPARQL query construction for effective natural language queries. Secondly, we analyze the performance of RDBMS, RDF and Triple Stores for the knowledge representation. The proposed approach will be evaluated on the basis of a query catalog by means of query efficiency, accuracy, and data storage performance. The results show, that natural language access to industry data using ontologies and lexicons, is a simple but effective approach to improve the diagnosis process and the data search for a broad range of users. Furthermore, virtual RDF graphs do support the DB-driven knowledge graph representation process, but do not perform efficient under industry conditions in terms of performance and scalability.

[91]Jennifer Sleeman,Tim Finin.Taming Wild Big Data[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:49-52.
机构:Computer Science and Electrical Engineering University of Maryland, Baltimore County;Computer Science and Electrical Engineering University of Maryland, Baltimore County
摘要:Wild Big Data (WBD) is data that is hard to extract, understand, and use due to its heterogeneous nature and volume. It typically comes without a schema, is obtained from multiple sources and provides a challenge for information extraction and integration. We describe a way to subduing WBD that uses techniques and resources that are popular for processing natural language text. The approach is applicable to data that is presented as a graph of objects and relations between them and to tabular data that can be transformed into such a graph. We start by applying topic models to contextualize the data and then use the results to identify the potential types of the graph's nodes by mapping them to known types found in large open ontologies such as Freebase, and DBpedia. The results allow us to assemble coarse clusters of objects that can then be used to interpret the link and perform entity disambiguation and record linking.

[92]James Mayfield,Paul McNamee,Craig Harman et al.KELVIN: Extracting Knowledge from Large Text Collections[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:34-41.
机构:Johns Hopkins University Human Language Technology Center of Excellence;Johns Hopkins University Human Language Technology Center of Excellence;Johns Hopkins University Human Language Technology Center of Excellence;Computer Science and Electrical Engineering University of Maryland, Baltimore County;Computer Science Department Loyola University Maryland
摘要:We describe the KELVIN system for extracting entities and relations from large text collections and its use in the TAC Knowledge Base Population Cold Start task run by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology. The Cold Start task starts with an empty knowledge based defined by an ontology of entity types, properties and relations. Evaluations in 2012 and 2013 were done using a collection of text from local Web and news to de-emphasize the use of entities that appear in a background knowledge base such as Wikipedia. Interesting features of KELVIN include a cross-document entity coreference module based on entity mentions, removal of suspect intra-document conference chains, a slot value consolidator for entities, the application of inference rules to expand the number of asserted facts and a set of analysis and browsing tools supporting development.

[93]Nitish Aggarwal,Paul Buitelaar.Wikipedia-Based Distributional Semantics for Entity Relatedness[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:2-9.
机构:Insight Centre for Data Analytics National University of Ireland;Insight Centre for Data Analytics National University of Ireland
摘要:Wikipedia provides an enormous amount of background knowledge to reason about the semantic relatedness between two entities. We propose Wikipedia-based Distributional Semantics for Entity Relatedness (DiSER), which represents the semantics of an entity by its distribution in the high dimensional concept space derived from Wikipedia. DiSER measures the semantic relatedness between two entities by quantifying the distance between the corresponding high-dimensional vectors. DiSER builds the model by taking the annotated entities only, therefore it improves over existing approaches, which do not distinguish between an entity and its surface form. We evaluate the approach on a benchmark that contains the relative entity relatedness scores for 420 entity pairs. Our approach improves the accuracy by 12% on state of the art methods for computing entity relatedness. We also show an evaluation of DiSER in the Entity Disambiguation task on a dataset of 50 sentences with highly ambiguous entity mentions. It shows an improvement of 10% in precision over the best performing methods. In order to provide the resource that can be used to find out all the related entities for a given entity, a graph is constructed, where the nodes represent Wikipedia entities and the relatedness scores are reflected by the edges. Wikipedia contains more than 4.1 millions entities, which required efficient computation of the relatedness scores between the corresponding 17 trillions of entity-pairs.

[94]Bonnie J. Dorr,Milenko Petrovic,James F. Allen et al.Discovering and Characterizing Emerging Events in Big Data (DISCERN)[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:18-25.
机构:Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition;Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition;Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition;Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition;Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition
摘要:We describe a novel system for discovering and characterizing emerging events. We define event emergence to be a developing situation comprised of a series of sub-events. To detect sub-events from a very large, continuous textual input stream, we use two techniques: (1) frequency-based detection of sub-events that are potentially entailed by an emerging event; and (2) anomaly-based detection of other sub-events that are potentially indicative of an emerging event. Identifying emerging events from detected sub-events involves connecting sub-events to each other and to the relevant emerging events within the event models and estimating the likelihood of possible emerging events. Each sub-event can be part of a number of emerging events and supports various event models to varying degrees. We adopt a coherent and compact model that probabilistically identifies emerging events. The innovative aspect of our work is a well-defined framework where statistical Big Data techniques are informed by event semantics and inference techniques (and vice versa). Our work is strongly grounded in semantics and knowledge representation, which enables us to produce more reliable results than would otherwise be possible with a purely statistical approach.

[95]Charles Jochim,Bogdan Sacaleanu,Lea A. Deleris et al.Risk Event and Probability Extraction for Modeling Medical Risks[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:26-33.
机构:IBM Research;IBM Research;IBM Research
摘要:In this paper we address the task of extracting risk events and probabilities from free text, focusing in particular on the biomedical domain. While our initial motivation is to enable the determination of the parameters of a Bayesian belief network, our approach is not specific to that use case. We are the first to investigate this task as a sequence tagging problem where we label spans of text as events A or B that are then used to construct probability statements of the form P(A/B) = x. We show that our approach significantly outperforms an entity extraction baseline on a new annotated medical risk event corpus. We also explore semi-supervised methods that lead to modest improvement, encouraging further work in this direction.

[96]Sunandan Chakraborty,Lakshminarayanan Subramanian,Yaw Nyarko et al.Extraction of (Key, Value) Pairs from Unstructured Ads[C].//Natural language access to big data: papers from the AAAI Fall Symposium, November 13-15, 2014, Arlington, Virginia, USA.2014:10-17.
机构:New York University;New York University;New York University
摘要:In this paper, we focus on the problem of extracting structured labeled data from short unstructured ad-postings from online sources like Craigslist, where ads are posted on various topics, such as job postings, rentals, car sales etc. A fundamental challenge in addressing this problem is that most ad-postings are highly unstructured, short-text postings written in an informal manner with no inherent grammar or well-defined dictionary. In this paper, we propose unsupervised and supervised algorithms for extracting structured data from unstructured ads in the form of (key, value) pairs where the keys naturally represent topic-specific features in the ads. The unsupervised algorithm is centered around building an affinity graph, using the words from a topic-specific corpus of such ads where the edge weights represent affinities between words; the (key, value) extraction algorithm identifies specific groups of words in the affinity graph corresponding to different classes of key attributes. The supervised algorithm uses a Conditional Random Field based training algorithm to identify specific structured (key, value) pairs based on pre-defined topic-specific structural data representations of ads. Based on a corpus of car and apartment ad-postings from Craigslist, the unsupervised algorithm reported an accuracy of 67.74% and 68.74% for car and apartment ads respectively. The supervised algorithm demonstrated an improved performance with accuracies of 74.07% and 72.59% respectively.

[97]RebeckaWeegar,Linus Hammarlund,Agnes Tegen et al.Visual Entity Linking: A Preliminary Study[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:46-49.
机构:Lund University;Lund University;Lund University;Lund University;Lund University;Lund University
摘要:In this paper, we describe a system that jointly extracts entities appearing in images and mentioned in their accompanying captions. As input, the entity linking program takes a segmented image together with its caption. It consists of a sequence of processing steps: part-of-speech tagging, dependency parsing, and coreference resolution that enables us to identify the entities as well as possible textual relations from the captions. The program uses the image regions labelled with a set of predefined categories and computes WordNet similarities between these labels and the entity names. Finally, the program links the entities it detected across the text and the images. We applied our system on the Segmented and Annotated IAPR TC-12 dataset that we enriched with entity annotations and we obtained a correct assignment rate of 55.48%.

[98]Yuetan Lin,Shu Kong,DonghuiWang et al.Saliency Detection within a Deep Convolutional Architecture[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:31-37.
机构:College of Computer Science, Zhejiang University;Hong Kong University of Science and Technology;College of Computer Science, Zhejiang University;College of Computer Science, Zhejiang University
摘要:To tackle the problem of saliency detection in images, we propose to learn adaptive mid-level features to represent image local information, and present an efficient way to calculate multi-scale and multi-level saliency maps. With the simple k-means algorithm, we learn adaptive low-level filters to convolve the image to produce response maps as the low-level features, which intrinsically capture texture and color information simultaneously. We adopt additional threshold and pooling techniques to generate mid-level features for more robustness in image local representation. Then, we define a set of hand-crafted filters, at multiple scales and multiple levels, to calculate local contrasts and result in several intermediate saliency maps, which are finally fused into the resultant saliency map with vision prior. Benefiting from these filters, the resultant saliency map not only captures subtle textures within the object, but also discovers the overall salient object in the image. Since both feature learning and saliency map calculation contain the convolution operation, we unify the two stages into one framework within a deep architecture. Through experiments over challenging benchmarks, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

[99]Yu-Ting Li,Juan P. Wachs.A Bayesian Approach to Determine Focus of Attention in Spatial and Time-Sensitive Decision Making Scenarios[C].//Cognitive computing for augmented humanintelligence: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:24-30.
机构:School of Industrial Engineering, Purdue University;School of Industrial Engineering, Purdue University
摘要:Complex decision making scenarios require maintaining high level of concentration and acquiring knowledge about the context of the task in hand. Focus of attention is not only affected by contextual factors but also by the way operators interact with the information. Conversely, determining optimal ways to interact with this information can augment operators' cognition. However, challenges exist for determining efficient mathematical frameworks and sound metrics to infer, reason and assess the level of attention during spatio-temporal complex problem solving in hybrid human-machine systems. This paper proposes a computational framework based on a Bayesian approach (BAN) to infer users' focus of attention based on physical expression generated from embodied interaction and further support decision-making in an unobtrusive manner. Experiments involving five interaction modalities (vision-based gesture interaction, glove-based gesture interaction, speech, feet, and body balance) were conducted to assess the proposed framework's feasibility including the likelihood of assessed attention from enhanced BAN and task performance. Results confirm that physical expressions have a determining effect in the quality of the solutions in spatio-navigational type of problems.

[100]Johannes Heinrich,David Silver.Self-Play Monte-Carlo Tree Search in Computer Poker[C].//Computer poker and imperfect information: papers presented at the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27, 2014, Palo Alto, California, USA.2014:19-25.
机构:University College London;University College London
摘要:Self-play reinforcement learning has proved to be successful in many perfect information two-player games. However, research carrying over its theoretical guarantees and practical success to games of imperfect information has been lacking. In this paper, we evaluate self-play Monte-Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) in limit Texas Hold'em and Kuhn poker. We introduce a variant of the established UCB algorithm and provide first empirical results demonstrating its ability to find approximate Nash equilibria.

